Pricing — AccessiGuard

Skip to main content AccessiGuard Services Pricing Blog Find my report

Pay per scan.
No subscription.
ADA lawsuits cost $50,000+. Your audit costs $15.
Most accessibility audits take weeks and cost hundreds. Get yours in 30 seconds — and qualifying small businesses can claim up to $5,000 back on accessibility improvements via the IRS Disabled Access Credit (Section 44).
No commitment. No monthly fees. Pay only when you need a scan.

Pricing plans
Free Preview
$0 no signup needed
Get your accessibility score and a preview of what's broken.
Accessibility score (0–100)
Preview of 2 issues found
100+ accessibility checks including browser-based analysis
Instant results
Scan as many sites as you want

Scan your site
Most popular
Full Report
$15 one-time
Every issue, every fix. The cheapest insurance against an ADA lawsuit you'll ever find.
All issues found (no limit)
AI-powered fix suggestions
Real code snippets to copy-paste
Issue severity + affected element
Shareable private report link
Permanent report storage

Get your report
Rescan
$5 per rescan
Verify your fixes and track score improvement over time.
Re-check after fixes applied
Compare score vs previous scan
See which issues are resolved
Same 100+ accessibility checks
Updated report link

Scan your site
Most popular
Report + ADA Kit
$39 one-time
Full Report plus the ADA Compliance Kit — everything you need to fix issues and document compliance.
Everything in Full Report
55-item ADA compliance checklist
Legal templates (accessibility statement, demand letter response)
Priority remediation matrix with cost estimates
April 2026 Title II deadline chapter

Scan your site

Want us to do it for you?
The scanner stays pay-per-scan. AccessiGuard Maintenance is the human retainer: continuous WCAG scanning, monthly prioritized fixes, and same-week remediation for new criticals at $299/mo.

See Maintenance

What you get with a Full Report
01
Every issue, explained
All accessibility violations found on the page — with severity level, affected HTML element, and a human-readable explanation of why it matters.

02
AI fix suggestions
Not just "add alt text" — actual code snippets tailored to your specific HTML. Copy, paste, done. Hand the report to your developer and they know exactly what to change.

03
Shareable + permanent
Reports are stored permanently and accessible via a private link. Share with your team, client, or auditor. Run a Rescan anytime to track improvement.

Developer tools
Integrate AccessiGuard into your workflow. Catch regressions before they ship.
CLI
Run scans from your terminal. Great for local development and one-off checks.
npx accessiguard scan your-site.com
View on npm
GitHub Action
Add to your CI/CD pipeline. Auto-check accessibility on every PR or deploy.
- uses: PrimeStark/accessiguard-action@v1
with:
url: ${{ env.DEPLOY_URL }}
View on GitHub

Frequently asked questions
How is AccessiGuard different from accessiBe?
AccessiGuard is a pay-per-scan audit tool — you get a detailed WCAG report with AI fix suggestions and fix the actual code. accessiBe is an overlay that masks issues with JavaScript at runtime without fixing the root cause. Overlays have been criticized by disability advocates and do not provide real compliance. We help you fix what's actually broken.

What WCAG checks does AccessiGuard run?
100+ automated WCAG 2.1 AA checks including browser-based analysis powered by axe-core. Checks cover missing alt text, color contrast, unlabeled form inputs, missing ARIA landmarks, keyboard traps, dynamic content, skip navigation, and more. Every issue includes the affected element and an AI-generated fix with real code snippets.

Is automated scanning enough for ADA compliance?
Automated scanning with browser-based analysis catches ~50-60% of WCAG issues — the objective, measurable ones including color contrast and dynamic content. For full compliance, supplement with manual testing: screen readers, keyboard navigation, and user testing with people with disabilities. AccessiGuard is a powerful starting point.

Can I integrate AccessiGuard into my CI/CD pipeline?
Yes. Use the CLI (npx accessiguard scan your-site.com) or the GitHub Action to automatically check for accessibility regressions on every PR or deployment.

What happens after I buy a report?
Instant access to your full report — all issues, severity levels, affected elements, and AI-powered code snippets. Reports are stored and accessible via a private link. Fix the issues, then run a Rescan ($5) to verify and track your improvement.

Honest note: Automated scanning with browser-based analysis catches ~50-60% of WCAG issues. For full compliance, supplement with manual testing using screen readers, keyboard navigation, and real users with disabilities. AccessiGuard is a powerful starting point — not a compliance guarantee.

See what's broken — before a lawyer does
Free preview, no account needed. Results in 30 seconds.
Preview your score — free
