Privacy Policy | Displate

🎮 Up to 30 % OFF on Matte, Gloss & Textra Code: FALL Ends: h : m : s

🇺🇸 Printed in the USA. Great quality. 🦅

🔙 Returns within 100 days

Explore Start Browsing
Our Bestsellers
From Verified Creators
Trending Today
New In
About Our Posters
Get Inspired
Mounting Accessories
Find a Gift

Shop by Categories
Anime
Gaming & Fantasy
Movies & Shows
Cars
Nature & Landscapes
Sport
See All Posters

Shop by Fandoms
NBA
Star Wars
Marvel
Warhammer
Lord of the Rings
Fallout
Browse All Fandoms

Shop by Artists
Fantasy Animals by Louise Goalby
Dreamy Surrealism by LUCIDITY
Vintage Futurism by Frank Moth
Enchanted Cats by Leandro Francisca
Mythic Collection by Ikaruna
Japan Aesthetic by Ruby Art
See All Verified Creators

Custom Displates
Limited Editions
For You ✦
✦
✦

Displate Club
Gaming Posters Nature Posters Anime Posters Animals Posters

0 Wishlist

0 Cart

Join

✦
✦
✦

Log in or Create an Account

Explore

Start Browsing

Our Bestsellers From Verified Creators Trending Today New In About Our Posters Get Inspired Mounting Accessories Find a Gift

Shop by Categories

Anime Gaming & Fantasy Movies & Shows Cars Nature & Landscapes Sport See All Posters

Shop by Fandoms

NBA Star Wars Marvel Warhammer Lord of the Rings Fallout Browse All Fandoms

Shop by Artists

Fantasy Animals by Louise Goalby Dreamy Surrealism by LUCIDITY Vintage Futurism by Frank Moth Enchanted Cats by Leandro Francisca Mythic Collection by Ikaruna Japan Aesthetic by Ruby Art See All Verified Creators

Custom Displates

Limited Editions

For You ✦
✦
✦

Displate Club
Support Contact us About us

Privacy

Privacy
Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms, accessible at https://displate.com/about-regulations. As used in this Policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.
Displate processes only those data which are necessary for properly providing offered services.
The database of users is protected by law. Those personal data are specifically properly protected and secured from unauthorized access.
Displate processes data from you during registration, this takes place exclusively within the scope of European data protection law. You may visit our website and inform yourself without having to disclose any personal information. While visiting our website, you generally remain anonymous and the connection data is provided by your internet browser each time a page is opened, e.g. the date, the duration or the name of your internet service provider will be used by us with no personal reference unless you have logged in with your username and password.
In order to provide Users with the desired services, Users provide personal information on a voluntary basis, by filling out the profile or when using our chat feature. This personal information could include:
- First name and last name
- Email Address
- Profile Picture
- Phone Number
In particular, we will use your phone number to verify your identity when you want to upload your works to our Service. This is because you will receive an automatic SMS message to the phone number you provide, containing an authentication code, the entry of which will enable you to upload Products. There is a possibility that future verification may apply to those users who have changed their Pay Pal address or critical information.
The moment we use data for a purpose which requires your consent in accordance with the legal conditions, we will ask for your express consent. You can, of course, revoke this consent at any time and/or revoke the future use of your data.
Registration with Facebook or Google
We may collect your Personal Data when you log in to the Website or register on the Website using third-party authentication services provided by other entities operating independently of Displate (e.g., services offered by Google or Facebook). In such instances, we will obtain only your name or username, email address, and profile photo published on the respective service (the exact data collected depends on the functionality you use). This Personal Data may be linked to your Account or processed solely for the purposes of login or registration on our Website. Should we need additional information, we will notify you, specifying the required data. When using third-party authentication services, please review the terms and data processing policies of the respective service providers.
Logging into or registering on the Website via Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (Facebook) involves Meta's Joint Processing of personal data with Displate. Displate and Meta have agreed that Meta is responsible for ensuring the rights of data subjects are upheld according to Articles 15-20 of the GDPR concerning personal data stored by Meta after Joint Processing. Details of Displate and Meta's co-management arrangements can be found at: https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum, and information on the data processed under Joint Processing is available at: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/businesstools_jointprocessing .
Additionally, please note that if you use social media with a public profile (i.e., a profile accessible to anyone on the Internet), you are sharing your Personal Data based on your own informed decision. Consider the potential risks associated with public sharing of Personal Data, such as your address or precise location. These risks may include being identified, loss of privacy, and in extreme cases, identity theft.

Third party services
Insofar as we utilize/employ a third party service provider for this, they shall only receive the necessary data from us and are themselves obligated to protect your personal data. What is more, Displate has concluded contracts with all third party service providers and we require from them at least as strict regulations protecting your personal data as we provide by ourselves. We require your email address so that we can confirm the receipt of your registration and communicate with you (e.g. to send a registration confirmation or to deliver an ordered newsletter).
Please note that this Policy applies to personally identifiable information that we may collect when you are accessing our Services, including through the use of our chat feature, which is operated by third-party provider Tidio LLC on our behalf. While this Policy applies to information collected directly by Website, including through use of the chat feature operated by third parties, the following are not covered by this Policy:
Any third party's practices, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on Website, except for the aforementioned chat feature.
Information collected by companies that Displate neither owns nor controls, or individuals who are not managed or employed by Displate, except as it pertains to services provided on our behalf, such as our chat feature.

Within the scope of the legal conditions, we can assess usage profiles using a pseudonym for the purposes of advertising, market research and to improve our services, but only insofar as you have not exercised your legal right to revoke the permission of the use of your data.
Creating a Public Account
A User Account created on our website is private by default and only you have access to the content posted there. However, with your express consent (which can be revoked or modified at any time), you can make your User Account public. This means that people visiting our website will be able to see your profile—your name, avatar, your works, wishlists, collections, etc. The scope of data shared within a public Account is up to you.
Featured Users
Users who have public Accounts and are active and present interesting content that aligns with Displate's values may be designated as Featured Users. We will promote Featured Users on our website and showcase them as inspiration for other Users. Featured Users can be followed by other Users. Followers can be notified about Featured Users' activity.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
A portion of our services requires us to use so-called cookies or other tracking technologies, such as pixels. Cookies are small files which your internet browser stores on your computer. Information regarding your visit to our website can be stored in cookies. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default. You can, however, configure your browser so that it rejects cookies or requires confirmation from you in advance. If you reject cookies, however, it could lead to not all of our website functioning flawlessly for you.
The site includes pixels provided by:
Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) as part of Campaign Manager 360,
Amazon (Amazon Europe Core S.à.r.l., Amazon EU S.à.r.l, i Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l., podmioty z siedzibą przy 38, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1885 Luksemburg, oraz Amazon Digital UK Limited située 1 Principal Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK) as part of DSP,
Teads SA with registered office at 5 rue de la Boucherie, L12 17 Luxembourg

to use user behaviour data for advertising purposes.
E-mail Communications
Displate is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission. Displate stores the basic contact data for direct marketing purposes till you lodge an objection to processing your personal data for that purpose and whether the processing took place on the basis on your consent till you withdraw that consent or till Displate will decide that data became outdated.
In particular, Displate may send out e-mails with Displate-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification e-mails from Displate, which inform you of actions (e.g. comments, likes, follows, displays) that have been performed on the site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us.
Mobile Communications
Displate may send out SMS/MMS with Displate-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification SMS/MMS from Displate, which inform you of actions (e.g. comments, likes, follows, displays) that have been performed on the site. If you do not want to receive SMS/MMS from us, please unsubscribe by replying STOP to end messages.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files, which are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of this website generated by the cookie (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In case of the activation of the IP anonymization on this website, Google will shorten your IP address within the member states of the European Union or within states that are parties to the European Economic Area (EEA) Agreement before transferring the information. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA on an exceptional basis, and will then be shortened in the USA. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for the website operator. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your web browser, however, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Browser-Addon from the following page: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en].
Social sharing
Displate uses social plug-ins from Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest, including among others the Facebook "like" button, the Twitter "tweet" button and the Pinterest "Pin it" button. When these are viewed and/or clicked, a direct connection between your computer and the server of the provider of these plug-ins (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.) is created. This allows the providers to collect personal and non-personal data from you. We recommend that you inform yourself regarding the types of data covered by this as well as the purpose and scope of the data collection and further processing and use by Facebook and Twitter as well as your rights and configuration options for protecting your private sphere by reading the data protection notices at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation, https://twitter.com/privacy, and https://about.pinterest.com/privacy/.
Creating a Public Account
A User Account created on our website is private by default and only you have access to the content posted there. However, with your express consent (which can be revoked or modified at any time), you can make your User Account public. This means that people visiting our website will be able to see your profile—your name, avatar, your works, wishlists, collections, etc. The scope of data shared within a public Account is up to you.
Featured Users
Users who have public Accounts and are active and present interesting content that aligns with Displate's values may be designated as Featured Users. We will promote Featured Users on our website and showcase them as inspiration for other Users. Featured Users can be followed by other Users. Followers can be notified about Featured Users' activity.
Information on processing of personal data

Identity of a Controller
The Controller of your personal data is GWD Concept Sp. z o.o. based in Warsaw (02-017) Aleje Jerozolimskie 123a, entered in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court in Warsaw, 13th Commercial Division of National Court Register under KRS No. 0000451277, NIP: 9512364589.
DPO contact details
The Controller appointed the Data Protection Officer that you can contact in cases related to processing of the personal data.
Data Protection Officer – Karolina Przybysz
e-mail: [redacted:email]@displate.com

Purposes and legal basis for the processing

We may process your personal data in following purposes:

Realisation of your order

Sending our newsletter

Call recording on the helpline

Account registration

Providing service - Displate Membership Club

Making Your Account and Content Public

Creating Wishlists and Sets

Creating a Featured User Page

Storing files within Custom Displates service

Using the function Displate Style Filters

Using Contact Form

Exercising the recruitment process

Gathering information on unlawful content

Determining, investigating or defending claims

Contract Management

Creating a marketing profile

Using of a chatbot

Chat Feature Privacy Notice for users based in the USA

Third-Party Service Providers

Information Collection and Use

User Consent

Opt-Out and Support

User satisfaction surveys

Changes to the Chat Feature Privacy Notice

The recipients of the personal data
In cases where it is necessary and to the extent necessary, your personal data may be transferred to entities cooperating with the controller within the scope of services provided to the controller and supporting the controller's current business processes, in particular entities providing IT, legal, postal and banking services.
If you choose to make your User Account public, the content you share will be visible to anyone who visits our website, including Users in other countries around the world. You can change your Account settings at any time and make it private or only partially public.
Transferring data outside the European Economic Area
We make use of third-party service providers outside of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and your personal data may be transferred to countries outside of the EEA. If these transfers are to a country for which the EU Commission has not issued an adequacy decision, we use the EU standard contractual clauses to contractually require that your personal data receives a level of data protection consistent with the EEA. You can obtain a copy of such standard contractual clauses by sending a request to: [redacted:email]@displate.com.
Storing personal data
We will store your personal for the period of time depending on the character of the processing.

Performing of the contract

Financial settlement

Notification of unlawful content

Newsletter

Sending SMS

Contact and call recordings

Custom Displates service

Displate Style Filters function

The recruitment process

Determining, investigating or defending claims

Analytical and statistical purposes

Improving services and user experience

Data processed on your public User Account with your consent

Rights of a data subject
You have the following rights regarding the processing of your personal data by us:
The right to request an access to your personal data
The right to rectification of your personal data
The right to erasure of your personal data
The right to restriction of the processing of personal data
The right to data portability
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (in Poland it is Prezes Urzędu Ochrony Danych Osobowych)
You also have a right to object the processing of personal data based on a legitimate interest of a Controller.
You have a right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal

For the execution of your rights, you may send an email to GWD Concept at the following email: [redacted:email]@displate.com with your claims. You can contact the controller about any other matters regarding personal data protection at the same e-mail address.
GWD Concept may check the identity of a person sending above-mentioned email to be sure who is having those claims. We shall answer to your claim in 14 days from receiving an email. We shall communicate with you via that email that you send to us.
Provision of personal data
You provide us with your personal data voluntarily, however lack of thereof may make it impossible for us to conclude or exercise a contract, answer to your demands and claims or provide certain services.
If you are a user based in USA, by using our services, you agree to the collection and use of your information as described throughout this Policy.

Support
Check order status
Shipping & Returns
Help/FAQ
Terms of use
Right of withdrawal
Mounting instructions
Contact us
Copyrights
Privacy policy
Pricing policy US
Cookie Preferences

About
Accessibility Statement
What's a Displate?
Displate Club
About us
Blog
Career

Earn with Displate
Sell your art

Gifts
Gift Card
Gifts inspirations

Find us

Partners

Secure payments

© Displate. All Rights Reserved.

Chat with us , powered by LiveChat
