Draft2Digital | Terms of Service

Join us in 2 days Join us in 2 days

Toggle navigation

SIGN UP

FAQ

Blog

Books2Read

Partners

Contact Us

Log In

Join us in 2 days Join us in 2 days

HOW IT WORKS

SALES TOOLS

SUPPORT

SIGN UP

Terms of Service

Effective April 14, 2026

Revision History

Payment Splitting Terms & Conditions

Shared Universe Terms & Conditions

Affiliate Program Terms & Conditions

Audiobook Terms & Conditions

OVERVIEW

The Terms of Service below govern your participation in Draft2Digital’s digital and physical self-publication and
distribution services (the “Program”) that is provided through the website
draft2digital.com and other websites
that link to these Terms (the “Site”).

Under these Terms, Draft2Digital provides tools that enable authors and publishers to:

Convert manuscripts into digital and physical books which we refer to as a “Work.”

Control various aspects of a book’s metadata, including pricing, book descriptions, book content, and covers.

Access a distribution network of third-party retailers to distribute those Works to sales channels such as
online retailers, subscription services, and library platforms.

Access online reports concerning sales of Works.

Receive payment of royalties from the sale of Works distributed through the Program, less a commission
payable to Draft2Digital, as explained below.

By your use of the Program:

You represent that you own, or possess the rights, to publish, distribute, and manage your Works;
Draft2Digital has a right to commissions but has no claim to the copyright or ownership in your Works.

You represent that your Works do not violate the rights of any party.

You are responsible for choosing the sales price of your Works, subject to the Terms below, and write the
description that appears in sales channels, whether online or otherwise. You can change the price,
description or other metadata of your Works at any time as discussed in the Terms below.

You may delist any of your Works from Draft2Digital or terminate this Agreement at any time as discussed in
the Terms below.

This Overview is a summary of the Terms. The Terms themselves are a contract between Draft2Digital and you.
Given the importance of these Terms, which constitute a binding contract, we encourage you to study them
carefully.

TERMS OF SERVICE

These Terms of Service (the “Terms” or “Agreement”) is a binding contract between you, the individual or entity
identified as the User (“you” or “User”), and Draft2Digital, LLC (“we” or “us” or “Draft2Digital”) with respect
to your participation in the Program and distribution of manuscripts and other materials through the Program
(all such content referred to as your “Works” or “Work”). If the User is an entity, the individual person who
accepts this Agreement for User represents and warrants that they are entitled to enter this Agreement on
behalf of the User as a representative of User authorized to bind User to the terms of this Agreement.

Terms Acceptance.
You accept this Agreement and agree to be bound by its terms by either (a) clicking Accept where you're
given the option to do so or (b) using the Program or Site, or any part of it. If you don't accept the
Terms, you are not allowed to use the Program or Site.

Changes to the Terms, Program or Site.
We reserve the right to change the Site, the Program or these Terms at any time in our sole discretion.
Unless we state otherwise, any changes to the Program or Site will be effective immediately and any changes to
the Terms will be effective thirty (30) days after we post notice of such a change at the top of the Terms.
If you do not like any change, you are free to terminate this Agreement and cease use of the Program and
Site.

Bookstores, Libraries, and Other Sales Channels.
Our ability to distribute your Works to various sales channels is determined by the terms of service or other
contractual terms we have with those sales channels. Each sales channel maintains the exclusive right to
modify their content policies at any time in the future, and may refuse to list any title for any reason, and
no reason need be given. If your Works are not acceptable to one or more sales channels under their terms of
service or otherwise, we will notify you. In some cases, dependent upon each individual sales channel’s
content policies, you may have the option of modifying your Works to make them acceptable. You and
Draft2Digital each agree that neither will take any steps that either party knows or has reason to know will
violate the terms of service or other contractual terms of any sales channel through which your Works are
distributed. We may cease selling Works through any sales channel whose terms of service or distribution
conditions are or become unacceptable to us for any reason. We expressly disclaim any representations and
warranties made by sales channels.

Commissions.
We shall receive funds provided to us from sales channels that are generated from the sale, loan and other
distribution of your Works. You agree that we are entitled to deduct and keep a commission from those
proceeds as payment for our services in the Program and under this Agreement (the “Commission”) in the rates
described in Section 12. The term “royalty,” as used in this Agreement, refers to Draft2Digital’s payments to
you under the Program, less the sales channel’s commission, and less Draft2Digital’s Commission. The term
“sales channel,” as used in this Agreement, refers to any retail or sales outlet within the Draft2Digital
distribution network, examples of which include online retailers, brick and mortar retailers, online ebook or
audiobook subscription services, library platforms, and wholesalers.

Third Party Websites.
We already have contracts in place with sales channels that you choose to distribute your Works through the
Program and will interact with those sales channels per the terms of this Agreement for that distribution. If
you choose to contract or contact sales channels directly for sale, marketing or distribution of your Works,
the following applies: Your use of websites, whether or not linked to our Site, to advertise or sell your
Work, and any correspondence or business dealings with or participation in promotions of such third parties
(including payment and delivery of related goods or products, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or
representations associated with such dealings) are solely between you and such third parties. You agree that
Draft2Digital shall not be responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage of any kind or nature related
to such third parties, including those incurred as a result of any such dealings or as the result of the
presence of such advertisers or links on the Site. We expressly disclaim any representations and warranties
made by other third parties and their services and offerings, including the content or accuracy of materials
on any third-party websites. Furthermore, because Draft2Digital has no control over such sites, you
acknowledge and agree that Draft2Digital is not responsible or liable for the availability of third party
services or sites, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising,
products, or other materials on or available from such third parties and third party sites. To the extent you
enter into separate agreements or contact or contract with sales channels directly, you are solely
responsible for reviewing the agreements, terms, conditions, privacy statements and policies of such sales
channels.

Storefront Terms of Sale.
In addition to the other provisions in this Agreement and our
Privacy Policy , if and when you make a
purchase through the Site, the following terms of sale also apply.

The Basics. The Site may contain a storefront or cart feature (“Storefront”) to enable you to
purchase copies of your own Works, such as author’s copies or author’s proofs. You will be asked to
provide information to enable us (and our service providers) to complete the requested transaction.

Order Acceptance and Cancellation. You agree that your order is an offer to buy, subject to these
Terms, all products and services listed in your order. All orders must be accepted by us or we will
not be obligated to sell the products or services to you. We may choose not to accept orders at our
sole discretion, even after we send you a confirmation email with your order number and details of the
items you have ordered.

Prices. All prices, discounts, and promotions posted on this Site are subject to change without
notice. The price charged for a product or service will be the price advertised on this Site at the
time the order is placed, subject to the terms of any promotions or discounts that may be applicable.
The price charged will be stated in your order confirmation email. Price increases will only apply to
orders placed after the time of the increase. Posted prices do not include taxes or charges for
shipping and handling. All such taxes and charges will be added to your total price and will be
itemized in your shopping cart and in your order confirmation email. We strive to display accurate
price information; however, we may make inadvertent typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions
related to pricing and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or
omissions at any time and to cancel any orders arising from such occurrences.

Payment Terms. Terms of payment are within our sole discretion and, unless otherwise agreed by us in
writing, payment must be received by us before our acceptance of an order. We, through our third-party
payment provider(s), accept the credit cards and other payment mechanisms listed at the payment
portion of the Storefront, which is subject to change. You represent and warrant that (i) the credit
card or other payment information you supply is true, correct and complete, (ii) you are duly
authorized to use such credit card or payment mechanism for the purchase, (iii) charges incurred by
you will be honored by your credit card company or your payment provider, and (iv) you will pay
charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including shipping and handling charges and all
applicable taxes, if any, regardless of the amount quoted on the Site at the time of your order.

Shipments and Delivery. If applicable, we or our vendors will arrange for shipment of the products to
you. Please check the individual product page for specific delivery options, if made available. You
will pay all shipping and handling charges unless otherwise specified. Risk of damage or loss of the
products pass to you upon delivery of the products to the carrier. Shipping and delivery dates are
estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. Neither we nor our vendors will be liable for any delays in
shipments.

Returns and Refunds. Unless otherwise designated on the Site, all sales are final and
non-returnable. If you believe a product may be defective or have a question about your purchase,
please contact us at draft2digital.com/contact/ .

Manufacturer’s Warranty and Disclaimer. We do not manufacture or control any of the products or
services (including print-on-demand) offered through the Storefront. The availability of products or
services through our Storefront does not indicate an affiliation with or endorsement of any third
party provider or their products or services. Accordingly, we do not provide any warranties with
respect to the products or services offered on or made available through the Storefront. Some third
parties, including print-on-demand manufacturers, may provide a warranty or other recourse for
certain verified defects. Such claims are subject to the applicable manufacturer’s warranty and must be
submitted by the applicable deadlines. Such information or any manufacturer’s warranty may be
detailed with the product when you receive it. To obtain warranty service, if there is any, please
follow the instructions included in the manufacturer's warranty. If you have questions or think your
product may be defective and you contact us regarding the same, we may, but are not obligated to,
help you with any such claim you have. Neither us nor the manufacturer are liable for any errors or
mistakes that are caused by you or are present in the Works you provide.

ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE STOREFRONT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY (A) WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY; (B) WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; OR (C) WARRANTY AGAINST
INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY; WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY LAW,
COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE, OR OTHERWISE. SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR
DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU.

YOU AFFIRM THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHER
CLAIMS OR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE STOREFRONT OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED
THEREBY OR THE MANUFACTURER OR PROVIDER'S FAILURE TO HONOR WARRANTY AND/OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS.

Change Tokens.
As part of the D2D Print service, we may enable you to purchase change tokens or provide complimentary change
tokens redeemable for certain changes to a single title of your Work(s) ("Change Tokens"). Example changes
that can be redeemed via Change Tokens include an update or change to the manuscript, cover image and cover
lamination of your Work. Change Tokens, however acquired, may only be redeemed on the Site through your
account. Change Tokens have no cash value, are non-transferrable, non-refundable, non-exchangeable, not
combinable, and are provided on and redeemed on a single Work basis. We may provide one (1) complimentary
Change Token per Work ninety (90) days after the applicable Work’s last submitted change. Such complimentary
Change Tokens may only be used for the Work for which they are provided and do not accumulate (meaning that if
you do not use it, you lose it – or that at most, at any given time, you will have 1 complimentary Change
Token per Work). A purchased Change Token does not offset or otherwise impact any complimentary Change Token
we provide. You are not limited on the amount of Change Tokens you can purchase. Purchased Change Tokens may
be used on any Work and will be associated with your account until you select and apply such purchased
Change Token to a Work. All Change Tokens are valid for a limited time as described in this Agreement and
expire immediately upon the suspension or termination of your account unless used prior to suspension or
termination. We do not guarantee that Change Tokens will always be available or available at any given time,
or that we will continue to offer Change Tokens for any particular length of time.

Term and Termination.

The term of this Agreement will continue until it is terminated by us or by you.

We are entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time with or without cause by providing you notice
of termination. We reserve the right to refuse you from reactivating or starting a new account for
the Program following our termination.

You are entitled to terminate at any time with or without cause by providing us notice of termination.

Upon notice of termination by us or you, we will cease distributing your Works and will give notice to
all sales channels through which we are distributing your Works to cancel listings and terminate
sales and other distribution of your Works within five (5) business days from the date of notice of
termination; it is possible that some sales channels through which we distribute your Works may not
cease distribution or sales of your Works as requested in our notice, and, until such sales channels
cease sales of your Works, these Terms shall continue with respect to such Work and the sale or
distribution thereof.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you agree that following termination or suspension of
this Agreement or your ability to use the Program, we or the sales channels through which we
distribute your Works may fulfill any customer orders for your Works pending as of the date of
termination or suspension. You are entitled to your royalties on these sales, and we are entitled to
Commissions on all such sales as well as those completed by us or by sales channels through which we
distribute your Works prior to the delisting of those titles from each sales channel.

We reserve the right to terminate this Agreement, suspend or close your Program accounts, and/or
cease all distribution of your Works without prior notice should you fail to login to your Program
account for a consecutive three hundred and sixty-five (365) days.

The following provisions of this Agreement will survive termination of this Agreement: Sections 1,
3, 4, 5, 6(g), 8(e), 12(d), 12(g) and 16-19. All rights to Works acquired by customers will survive
termination.

Program Eligibility and Registration.
As a condition to participating in the Program, you represent, warrant, covenant and agree that you:

agree to these Terms and our
Privacy Policy ;

shall create and maintain an active Program account using the online form found at
https://draft2digital.com/register/ ;

are of sound mind and are at least 18 years old or the legal age of majority in your place of
residence;

shall ensure that all information you provide in connection with establishing and using your Program
account (including your name, address and email) is accurate when you provide it, and you shall keep
the same up to date as long as you use the Program;

are the owner of all copyright and other rights in and to the Works you provide us for distribution
through the Program or, if you are not the full owner, have all requisite licenses and consents to
permit us to distribute the Works you provide to us and grant the rights as described in these Terms;

shall not establish a new Program account if we terminate your Program account;

shall not use false identities or impersonate any other person or use a username or password for a
Program account you are not authorized to use;

authorize us, directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries we consider appropriate to
verify information you provide;

consent to us sending you emails from time to time to communicate with you about your participation
in the Program;

remain solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of your account
username and password (except to the extent you share the same using our Account Sharing feature,
subject to the terms of that feature);

your participation in the Program and agreement to these Terms shall not violate an agreement among
you and a third party;

you shall be responsible and liable for all activities of your account, whether or not the same are
authorized by you; and

agree to immediately notify Draft2Digital of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Program
username, password or account.

Distribution Rights.

Delivery. For each of the Works you wish to distribute through the Program, you must provide to us
at your own cost: (i) a completed manuscript in the format we request; (ii) metadata that is requested
by us; and (iii) a cover image. With the metadata you provide to us, you may make territory-specific
requests concerning the publishing of your Works. All Works must adhere to our
Content Guidelines . If you fail to adhere to such guidelines, we may
terminate this Agreement and/or reject one or more of your Works for eligibility in the Program.

Formatting. If you choose to use our conversion services, we will use your manuscript to create and
format your Works in electronic or print form. The style of such formatting shall be determined by us
in our sole discretion. Our formatting may be done automatically so please review the proof of your
Work as set forth in the immediately following subsection.

Errors. We are not responsible for any errors in the manuscript you provide for us as the basis for
your Works. We will provide you access to a proof copy of your Works prior to distributing it to
sales channels. It shall be your sole responsibility to carefully examine the proof copy for errors
and report them to us. We shall not be liable or responsible in any manner (regardless of the theory
of claim) or for any damages related to errors in proof copies that you fail to timely notify us of
prior to distribution of such Works. We may, in our discretion, limit the number of times we correct
errors in proof copies. If you discover any errors in the formatting of your Works caused by
Draft2Digital, our sole obligation is to correct the errors you report to us as of or after the date
you provide us notice of such errors.

Right to Refuse Distribution. We are entitled to determine what Works we accept and distribute
through the Program in our sole discretion.

Additional Information. If we request that you provide additional information relating to your
Works, including information confirming that you have all rights required to permit our distribution
of the Works, or if we request proof of expertise in the case of non-fiction books, you will promptly
provide the information requested, and you represent and warrant that any information and
documentation you provide to us in response to such a request will be current, complete, and accurate.
You authorize us, directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries we consider appropriate to
verify your rights to permit our distribution of the Works and the accuracy of the information or
documentation you provide to us with respect to those rights.

Pricing and Program Terms.

You will provide an applicable price or prices for each Work you submit to us (the “List Price”).

The royalty rates paid vary by sales channel and may vary depending upon the List Price. While we
make every effort to document for you the rates and terms for each sales channel, you are solely
responsible for setting the List Price and are entitled to set any List Price you deem appropriate so
long as it is acceptable to the sales channels through which we distribute.

Draft2Digital supports various industry-standard payment models, and these models are often unique to
each sales channel. For example, most retailers sell digital books as single copies, yet some
retailers offer subscription services in which the payment terms may or may not be affected by your
choice of List Price.

The List Price you provide will be exclusive of sales, value-added or similar taxes which are
assessed in connection with the sales of your Works.

In some circumstances we may need to adjust the List Price of one or more of your Works in order to
prevent you from incurring a “negative” royalty, where you lose money on the sale of your Work. You
agree that we can adjust the List Price automatically, as-needed, and without prior notice to you in
order to bring any resulting negative royalty up to zero. We will endeavor, but are not obligated, to
notify you in advance of adjusting your List Price. You will be provided with notification after the
List Price is changed by us and you will be able to go into your account and adjust the List Price to
your desired amount, provided that your desired List Price does not fall below minimum unit cost for
that particular Work and result in a negative royalty.

Payments.

Royalties. We shall pay you royalties subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You
understand, acknowledge and agree that royalties paid to you are dependent on the royalty rate
provided by sales channels, the List Price set by you and the number of your Works that are sold. You
also acknowledge and agree that sales channels may deduct sales tax and other surcharges from the
gross sales of your Works, or may reverse prior sales due to customer returns, fraud or chargebacks,
all of which we have no control. You further acknowledge and agree that Draft2Digital is only
responsible for paying you royalties based on monies actually received by Draft2Digital for the sale of
your Works. Draft2Digital is in no way responsible or liable for unpaid royalties, including if a
particular sales channel is late in their payments or if they fail to pay monies owed. Sales channels
may withhold, offset or reduce royalties for various reasons over which we have no control. Except for
the limited obligation to pay you royalties we receive from sales channels as set forth in these
Terms, you agree that Draft2Digital shall not be responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage
of any kind or nature related to the actions or inactions taken by sales channels.

Payment Terms. We will pay you royalties we owe to you from sales proceeds we receive on your behalf
for a given sales period, and within fifteen (15) business days following the calendar month in which
we received those proceeds. You understand that sales channels may defer payment of royalties for a
period of time following the end of the period for which royalties are calculated. We have no
obligation to pay any royalties to you until after we receive such sales proceeds from applicable
sales channels.

At or around the time of our payment of royalties to you, we will make available to you a report
detailing sales of Works and corresponding royalties. All payments will be made via check, PayPal,
Payoneer or Electronic Funds Transfer (“EFT”) payments or other method we designate.

If payment is made by check, we will accrue royalties payable until they equal or exceed $100
U.S. Dollars (“USD”) before paying you.

If payment is made via Payoneer, we will accrue royalties payable until they equal or exceed
$20 USD before paying you.

If payment is made via PayPal, we will accrue royalties payable until they equal or exceed
$10 USD before paying you.

If payment is made via International EFT, we will accrue royalties payable until they equal or
exceed $20 USD before paying you. For Domestic EFT, there is a $10 USD payment threshold. If
your financial institution imposes any fees in connection with EFT payments, you will be
responsible for paying such fees.

You are responsible for any income or other taxes due and payable resulting from payments to you by
Draft2Digital under this Agreement. We will be required to report payments you receive to taxing
authorities as required by applicable laws and regulations. You agree that you will provide us with
all information we request to enable us to process payment of your royalties and ensure your
compliance with these Terms, which may include a tax identification number (SSN or EIN) and
information sufficient for us to verify your identity. You also agree that we have no obligation to
distribute your Works in the event we cannot verify your identity or the information you provide to
us concerning taxation or payment. You agree and acknowledge that, in the event you fail to provide us
with the information we request to verify your identity, payment or tax information within one hundred
eighty (180) days immediately following our initial request for any of the same, you forfeit any
right to royalties due to you under this Agreement and that we may keep and have no obligation to pay
you the same.

Royalty payments made to you via PayPal and/or check are subject to the additional fees and expenses
as follows: For PayPal, 2.5% of the royalties paid with a maximum fee of $1.50 for U.S.-address-based
PayPal payments. Non-U.S.-address-based PayPal payments are subject to varying fee percentages based
on country, but each have a maximum fee of $25.00 per payment. For checks, a flat fee of $2.50 per
payment made via check to U.S. addresses and $4.00 per payment made via check to non-U.S. addresses. As
used herein, "U.S. addresses" means addresses within the United States, excluding territories and
Puerto Rico.

All royalties shall be paid in U.S. dollars. Booksellers may provide applicable royalties for your
Works using other currencies and, if this occurs, we shall convert such royalties into U.S. dollars at
an exchange rate we receive from an exchange rate service when we seek such services. We shall not be
liable for any changes or differences in royalties you receive as a result of such conversions or
exchange rates.

Offsets. We may withhold royalties and/or offset them against future payments as indicated below.

If we pay you a royalty and we later issue a refund, return, or credit for that Work, we may
offset the amount of the royalty previously paid against future royalties, or require you to
remit that amount to us.

If a third party asserts that you lack or lacked all rights required to make one of your
Works available through the Program, we may hold all royalties due to you until we reasonably
determine the validity of the third party claim. If we determine that you lack or lacked all
rights required to make one of your Works available through the Program, we will not owe you
royalties for that Work and we may offset any of those royalties that were previously paid
against future royalties or require you to remit them to us.

If we determine that you have breached this Agreement (including Section 17(c) or our
Content Guidelines
with regard to a Work), we will not owe you royalties for that Work and we may
offset any of those royalties that were previously paid against future royalties, or require
you to remit them to us.

We may offset amounts you owe to us under your obligations in this Agreement against royalties
owed to you hereunder and may withhold such royalties for payment of amounts owed to us.

Upon termination of this Agreement, we may withhold all royalties due for a period of time
sufficient to determine whether there are amounts due and owing by you to us in order to
ensure our ability to off-set any refunds or other offsets we are entitled to take against the
royalties. We do not anticipate this time period to be longer than six (6) months and, in many
cases, should not exceed three months.

If we determine that deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity has occurred with respect to
your Works or your Program account or activity, then we may permanently withhold payments to
you, and we may offset any payments previously paid against future payments or require you to
remit them to us. We will use these funds to offset the costs of our investigation and
enforcement efforts and/or to compensate third parties harmed by such deceptive, fraudulent,
or illegal conduct, in each case, in our sole discretion.

Our Commission is as follows: (i) for ebooks and audiobooks distributed through sales channels other
than Smashwords.com, we will deduct fifteen percent (15%) from the payments received from sales
channels for each Work sold, leased, rented or otherwise distributed; (ii) for Works distributed via
Smashwords.com, you will be entitled to the following amounts for such sales after discounts, if any,
with the remainder being our Commission: 75% of List Price for Work sales of $2.99 or more; 40% of
List Price for Work sales under $2.99; and (iii) for Works distributed through the D2D Print program,
you will be entitled to 45% of the List Price minus the unit cost, with the remainder being our
Commission.

To use the Program, you must open an account, which is free. To activate distribution privileges, a
one-time Account Activation Fee is required, which also covers the first year of account maintenance.
After the first year of a new account, an Account Maintenance Fee of $12 USD is charged annually for
as long as you have Works distributed through your Program account. The annual Account Maintenance Fee
shall be waived if your account earns $100 USD or more in royalties over the prior twelve-month
period. Account Maintenance Fees are billed against royalties due and owing to you, unless such
royalties are insufficient in which case we will charge the difference to your account. We will notify
you via the email associated with your account should your account carry a negative balance. You may
pay for any such balance via credit card or other payment methods made available to you via the
Program. If your account carries a negative balance for more than thirty (30) consecutive days, we
reserve the right to terminate this Agreement, suspend or close your Program accounts, and/or cease
all distribution of your Works.

Books2Read.
All participants in the Program will be provided, free of charge, with a Books2Read Universal Book Link
(UBL) for each book published under this Program. UBLs shall be subject to the terms of service of
www.books2read.com found
here and is more fully described in those terms of
service.

New Release Notifications.
All participants in the Program will also be allowed to create a New Release Notification link found at
www.books2read.com for no charge, which page will provide a listing of Works that are recently published
through our services, also subject to its own terms of service found
here . For no charge, readers using the New Release
Notification link will have the ability to sign up to be on a mailing list for the author’s specific New
Release Notification page to receive updates concerning the page and Works published through the Program.

Grant of Rights.
You grant to Draft2Digital a nonexclusive, worldwide right and license to distribute Works, directly and
through sales channels of your choice, in all digital and print formats you choose (now or hereafter
created) by all digital and physical distribution means available. This right shall be irrevocable unless and
until you terminate this Agreement according to its terms. Some of the rights you grant to us are necessary
for sales channels to receive, stock, market and sell your Works and operate according to their terms and
agreements.

Your grant of rights to us includes, without limitation, the right to: (a) reproduce and store Works
on one or more computer facilities, and reformat, convert and encode Works and at various warehouses;
(b) display, market, transmit, distribute, sell and otherwise digitally and physically make available
all or any portion of Works through sales channels selected by you for customers and prospective
customers to download, access, copy and paste, print, annotate and/or view online and offline,
including on portable devices; (c) permit customers to "store" Works that they have purchased on
servers ("Virtual Storage") and to access and re-download such Works from Virtual Storage from time to
time both during and after the term of this Agreement; (d) display, reproduce and distribute (i) your
pen name for the applicable Work and (if used by you for that Work) your name, image and likeness as
author of an applicable Work, as well as any applicable trademarks and logos in the form you provide
them to us or within Works (with such modifications as are necessary to optimize their viewing), and
(ii) portions of Works, in each case solely for the purposes of marketing, soliciting and selling
Works; (e) use, reproduce, adapt, modify, and distribute, as we determine appropriate, in our sole
discretion, any metadata and other data that you provide in connection with Works; and (f) transmit,
reproduce and otherwise use (or cause the reformatting, transmission, reproduction, and/or other
use of) Works as mere technological incidents to and for the limited purpose of technically enabling
the foregoing (e.g., caching to enable display).

In addition, you agree that we may permit sales channels you select, their and our affiliates and
independent contractors, and their and our affiliates' independent contractors, to exercise the
rights that you grant to us in this Agreement.

You grant us the additional right to use your manuscript and Work files for the purpose of improving
and enhancing our systems for converting and distributing electronic and physical books. No sales or
licensing of your Works will take place pursuant to this sub-paragraph.

You grant us the rights set forth in this Section and elsewhere in this Agreement on a worldwide
basis unless territorial limitations are set forth in a separate agreement signed by you and us or
you designate territorial limitations in the metadata for a particular Work.

You are the owner of the Work files that we create, and your ownership is subject to the rights
granted to us by you herein.

The rights granted to us in this Agreement shall continue throughout the Term and thereafter, in each
case, as necessary for us to allow sales channels to market, sell and distribute your Works as
contemplated hereunder.

Property Rights in the Site and Program.
We own the Site and Program and all intellectual property related to the Site and Program. All content,
organization, graphics, design, compilation, products and product designs, and other matters related to or
included on the Site are protected under applicable copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights and
owned by us, including, without limitation, our name and logos and slogans and the names and logos of our
products, such as DRAFT2DIGITAL, and you must not use the foregoing without our prior written permission. We
do not own author content advertised on the Site or any rights to any third-party logos, product and service
names, designs and slogans referred to on the Site or as a party of the Program. If you provide suggestions,
ideas, or other feedback in connection with the Program or Site ("Feedback"), Draft2Digital and its
affiliates shall be free to use and exploit the same in any manner we see fit without restriction and without
the need to compensate or credit you. This Agreement does not grant you any license or other rights to any
intellectual property or technology owned or operated by us or any of our affiliates, and all said rights in
the same are reserved except to the extent they are explicitly granted herein. Nothing in this Agreement
restricts any rights we may have under applicable law or via separate permission.
If you believe that any content appearing on the Site has been copied in a way that constitutes infringement
or violation of your rights, please forward the following information to the address below:

Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;

A description of the rights that you claim has been infringed;

The exact URL or a description of where the alleged infringing material is located;

A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
owner, its agent and the law;

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright interest; and

A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is
accurate and that you are the owner or authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.

Draft2Digital, LLC; Attn: Customer Service, 2524 N Broadway, Edmond, OK 73034

Please note that while Draft2Digital seeks to preserve any and all exemptions from liability that may
be available under applicable law, this is not a stipulation that Draft2Digital is subject to the United
States Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or similar laws of other jurisdictions, or that Draft2Digital is
a “service provider” as defined by such acts or elsewhere in the law. Please also note that we reserve
the right to suspend or terminate access to those individuals or entities that have repeat allegations
of third-party rights violations.

Representations, Warranties and Indemnities.
You represent and warrant that: (a) you have the full right, power and authority to enter into and fully
perform this Agreement and will comply with the terms of this Agreement; (b) prior to you or your designee's
delivery of your Work or any other content, you have obtained all rights that are necessary for the exercise
of the rights granted by you under this Agreement; (c) neither the exercise of such rights nor any materials
provided or embodied in the Work(s) you provide us nor the sale or distribution of the same will violate or
infringe upon the intellectual property, proprietary or other rights of any person or entity, including,
without limitation, contractual rights, copyrights, trademarks, common law rights, rights of publicity, or
privacy, or moral rights, or contain defamatory material or violate any laws or regulations of any
jurisdiction; (d) you will not upload, post, submit, email, transmit, or otherwise make available through
Program anything that: (i) contains falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage or harm Draft2Digital,
consumers, or any third party; (ii) is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic,
harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourage conduct that would be considered a
criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or are otherwise inappropriate; (iii)
disseminates or transmits any worms, viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files, code or
programs; (iv) impersonates another person without their consent; (v) you do not have a right to make
available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or (vi) otherwise violate these
Terms; (e) you will ensure that all Works delivered under the Program comply with the technical and physical
delivery specifications provided by us; and (f) you will be solely responsible for accounting and paying any
co-owners or co-administrators of any Work or portion thereof for monies owed to such co-owners or
co-administrators resulting from distribution of Works hereunder, if any.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you shall indemnify, defend and hold Draft2Digital
and its affiliates and all their respective owners, officers, directors, representatives,
subcontractors and assigns (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any loss, claim,
liability, damage, fines, penalties, settlement, cost (including reasonable attorneys' fees), action
or cause of action that arises from or is related to any actual or alleged breach by you of any of
your representations, warranties, covenants or obligations set forth in these Terms (a “Claim”). You
may not settle or compromise any Claim for which an Indemnified Party is seeking to be indemnified
or defended hereunder without the prior written consent of that Indemnified Party, which consent may
not be unreasonably withheld, unless such settlement or compromise is solely for monetary damages that
are fully payable by you, does not involve any admission, finding or determination of wrongdoing or
violation of law by Indemnified Parties and provides for a full, unconditional and irrevocable
release of Indemnified Parties from all liability in connection with such Claim. We will be entitled
to defend a Claim and seek indemnity as required hereunder thereafter if we believe, in our sole
judgment, that you will be unable to obtain adequate representation for such defense. Should we decide
you will defend a claim, we may, at our expense, participate in the defense and settlement of the
Claim with counsel of our own choosing. In the event of a Claim or any actual, alleged or suspected
breach by you of any of your representations, warranties, covenants or obligations set forth in these
Terms, Draft2Digital is entitled to withhold and suspend payment of royalties to you until such time
that Draft2Digital determines such royalties are not related to any actual, alleged or suspected breach
by you of any of your representations, warranties, covenants or obligations set forth in these
Terms, and you agree that you are not entitled to any royalties related to any actual, alleged or
suspected breach by you of any of your representations, warranties, covenants or obligations set forth
in these Terms.

Nothing in these Terms restricts any rights we may have under applicable law or a separate permission.

Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Draft2Digital, you are only permitted to have one Program
account. If you have a legitimate business need to create an additional account, send your request at
draft2digital.com/contact/ with an email copy to legal@draft2digital.com.
Draft2Digital has no obligation to approve any such request and will review them on a case-by-case
basis. Draft2Digital has the right to suspend services and terminate this Agreement in the event
Draft2Digital believes, in good faith, that you have or threaten to: (i) create more than one
account without written authorization from Draft2Digital; (ii) provide false information to
Draft2Digital, including false information pertaining to your identity when creating a Program
account; or (iii) impersonate others in relation to the Program or use a Program account you are not
authorized to use. You acknowledge and agree that Draft2Digital has no obligation to pay you, and you
agree to forfeit, any and all royalties earned under or in relation to a Program account created in
violation of this Section 17(c).

Disclaim of Warranties; Limitation of Liability.
THE PROGRAM AND SITE AND USE THEREOF ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE WILL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA,
LOSS OF PROFITS, COST OF COVER OR OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR RELIANCE
DAMAGES OR FOR ANY EQUITABLE REMEDY OF DISGORGEMENT OR OTHERWISE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THEORY OF
LIABILITY, ARISING FROM OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF THE SITE OR THE PROGRAM. IN NO EVENT WILL
OUR LIABILITY UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF THE SITE OR THE PROGRAM EXCEED THE AMOUNTS
ACTUALLY PAID TO YOU BY DRAFT2DIGITAL UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING
YOU INITIATING A LAWSUIT AGAINST US. WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM, WITH RESPECT TO ALL SERVICES, SOFTWARE, CONTENT
OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED BY, THROUGH, OR ON BEHALF OF US IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT DRAFT2DIGITAL CANNOT ENSURE THAT WORKS
SUBMITTED BY OR ON BEHALF OF USER WILL BE PROTECTED FROM THEFT OR MISUSE OR THAT SALES CHANNELS OR THEIR
CUSTOMERS WILL COMPLY WITH ANY CONTENT, USAGE OR DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS DRAFT2DIGITAL MAY MAKE APPLICABLE IN
CONNECTION WITH WORKS, AND DRAFT2DIGITAL WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING FROM A FAILURE OF ANY SALES CHANNELS
OR THEIR CUSTOMERS TO COMPLY WITH ANY CONTENT USAGE RULES OR FAILURE OF ANY SECURITY SYSTEM OR PROCEDURE.
DRAFT2DIGITAL RELIES ON COMPLEX SYSTEMS AND PROCESSES. WE STRIVE TO MAKE OUR SYSTEMS AND PROCESSES ERROR-FREE
AND EFFICIENT, BUT WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL BE, AND WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING FROM SYSTEM OR
PROCESS FAILURES, INTERRUPTIONS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS OR LATENCIES. BY USING THE SITE AND PROGRAM, YOU AGREE
THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MADE BY YOU THROUGH
THE USE OF THE PROGRAM OR SITE OR ANY DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CAUSED BY THE UNLAWFUL, CRIMINAL
OR FRAUDULENT ACTIONS OF A THIRD PARTY. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS
ARE NECESSARY TO ALLOW DRAFT2DIGITAL TO PROVIDE THE PROGRAM AND SITE FOR THE AMOUNTS PAID TO DRAFT2DIGITAL
HEREUNDER. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to exclude, restrict or modify any right or remedy that cannot
be excluded or limited under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on liability or
disclaimer of implied warranties, so all or a portion of the foregoing may not apply to you. In this case,
Draft2Digital’s liability and the effect and/or duration of any implied warranty is limited to the minimum
permissible under applicable law.

General Legal Provisions.

If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by a court with jurisdiction over the parties to
this Agreement, that provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the
original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and the remainder of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. Each party will bear its own costs and
expenses in performing this Agreement.

The failure of Draft2Digital to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver
of our rights to subsequently enforce the provision.

THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF OKLAHOMA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO RULES
GOVERNING CHOICE OF LAWS. YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS LOCATED AT OKLAHOMA COUNTY, OKLAHOMA WITH
RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS, SUITS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. YOU AND DRAFT2DIGITAL EACH AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT EITHER OF US
MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THESE TERMS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS WILL BE LITIGATED
ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A MEMBER OR REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY CLASS.

This Agreement is made in the English language only, which shall be controlling in all respects. No
translation, if any, of this Agreement or our
Privacy Policy into any other language shall be of any
force or effect in the interpretation of this Agreement of the intent or obligations of either party.
All notices and communication shall only be effective if received in the English language.

You may not assign any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law
or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Draft2Digital, except that you may assign any of
your rights and obligations under this Agreement without consent in connection with the sale of all or
substantially all of your assets but you must give Draft2Digital written notice of the assignment no
later than ten (10) business days following the assignment. Draft2Digital may freely assign its rights
or obligations under this Agreement without notice to you.

Draft2Digital will not be liable to you for any failure or delay in the performance of its
obligations hereunder caused by any event or circumstance beyond its control, including, but not
limited to, denial-of-service attacks, insurrection, fires, flood, storm, explosions, acts of God,
war, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, and the like, and labor conditions. The rights and remedies of
Draft2Digital in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of one another.

You consent to the use of electronic means to complete this Agreement and to provide you with any
notices we give you in relation to this Agreement. To be effective, any notice given by a party under
this Agreement must be in writing and delivered (i) if by Draft2Digital to you, via email sent to the
email address you have provided to us, via certified mail, return receipt requested, to the physical
address you have provided to us, via a posting on the Program website or via a message through your
Program account, or (ii) if by you to Draft2Digital, via message sent at
draft2digital.com/contact/ with an email copy to legal@draft2digital.com or
via certified mail, return receipt requested, to Draft2Digital LLC,
2524 N Broadway, Edmond, OK 73034. Notices will be effective and deemed received on the date
transmitted or posted unless sent via certified mail, in which case they shall be effective on the
date delivered or tendered for delivery.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject
matter, supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements between the parties with respect to
its subject matter, and does not confer upon any other person other than the parties any rights or
remedies.

Privacy Policy

How to Publish with D2D

FAQ

Contact Us

Terms of Service

Live Event

Content Guidelines

Careers

&copy; 2026 Draft2Digital | Accessibility Information
