Celebrating $1 million in designer payouts and launching our first Facer Creator Partner Program…

Facer
Explore All Watch Faces

Facer Creator
Design Your Own Watch Face

Facer Store
Watch Bands & Accessories

Facer B2B
Business Partnership

Announcements
Press Releases
New Features
Designer Stories
Community Spotlight

Account ▾

Sign In
Subscribe

Sign In
Subscribe

Account
Sign Out

Press Releases

Celebrating $1 million in designer payouts and launching our first Facer Creator Partner Program…

The open enrollment window for the Facer Creator Partner Program is now open! Submit your application today!

Facer

07 Dec 2021
&bull; 2 min read

Celebrating $1 MILLION in designer payouts, and launching our first open enrollment window for the Partner Program!
The Facer Creator Partner program is an invite-only program allowing top designers on Facer to monetize their watch faces on our platform, work directly with our team on improvements to Facer, and participate in exclusive marketing and publishing opportunities.
This program has grown over the years to include 75+ independent designers from all over the world including the USA, Argentina, Mexico, Uruguay, Spain, Italy, Germany, Turkey, Malaysia, and more!
The Facer Creator Partner Program supports independent designers across the world

🤯 Over $1 million distributed to designers
We’re excited to share today that this program has now distributed over $1 MILLION in payout to these designers! A number of them are generating thousands of dollars in revenue every month and are relying on Facer as their sole source of income.
To celebrate this huge milestone, as well as the launch of Facer Creator for Apple Watch , we are happy to announce the opening of our very first enrollment window for the Facer Creator Partner Program.
🤔 How does it work?
From today until January 15th 2022, any designer — whether they’re already Facer designers or not — will be invited to submit their applications to the Facer Creator Partner Program.
Our editorial team will review each applications based on the following criteria:
Unique and original ideas: the watch face space is a brand new playground for designers to re-invent how time and other complications can be displayed on a watch. We are looking for designers that understand this opportunity and can deliver new ideas that are both compelling and unique.
Good design principles: you understand what good typography is and are comfortable creating complex layouts that can communicate a lot of information in the small real estate of a smartwatch screen.
Brand identity: you are able to create a strong brand identity that is reflected consistently in your designs, and leveraged effectively in marketing efforts.
Respect for other designers’ work: No evidence of past copyright or trademark infringements, on Facer or elsewhere.

Bonus points:
Already a watch face designer: you have already designed and published watch faces on Facer or elsewhere in a way that reflects the guidelines above.
Already a traditional watch designer: we understand at Facer that digital watch face designers can and should learn a lot from the traditional/physical watch designers that preceded them in the analog world. If you have designed traditional watch dials before, we want to help you transition to the digital watch face space!

At the end of the enrollment window, accepted applications will be notified by email and enrolled into the Facer Creator Partner Program. For those who didn’t make the cut this time, don’t fret, other enrollment windows will be open later that year.
⚡️ Interested? Apply today!
The enrollment window is open starting TODAY! If you are interested in becoming a partner designer on the Facer platform and start monetizing your watch faces, please submit your application here .
Good luck!

Download the press kit for this announcement: Press Kit

Share

X

Facebook

LinkedIn

Copy link

Share…

More from Facer

What’s new in Facer Creator: Grouped Layers, Private Templates, Reusable Expressions, and more!

Great watch faces are equal parts creative and technical, and until now the Creator asked you to hold a lot in your head: which hex value you used last, where exactly that complication sits, what #DWFMS# actually returns, etc.

This major Facer Creator release is about taking that load off

31 Aug 2026

5 min read

Facer Community Spotlight - June 2026

Explore the June 2026 edition of Facer Spotlight featuring award-winning designer Xor, community creator KOI, Influencer Program winner Bruno Amadori, trending Looks, and Watch Face Wednesday highlights.

06 Jul 2026

4 min read

Designer Stories: Xor

An exclusive interview with Facer Creator Partner Xor, winner of Best Innovative Watch Face in the 2025 Facer Awards.

06 Jul 2026

5 min read

© 2026 Facer. All rights reserved.

Contact Us
•
Facer Store
•
In the Press
•
Community

Light

Dark
