F.A.Q. · GameDistribution/GD-HTML5 Wiki · GitHub

Skip to content

Navigation Menu

Sign in Appearance settings

Platform AI CODE CREATION GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI
GitHub Copilot app Direct agents from issue to merge
MCP Registry Integrate external tools

DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS Actions Automate any workflow
Codespaces Instant dev environments
Issues Plan and track work
Code Review Manage code changes
Code Quality Enforce quality at merge

APPLICATION SECURITY GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities
Code security Secure your code as you build
Secret protection Stop leaks before they start

EXPLORE Why GitHub
Documentation
Blog
Changelog
Marketplace

View all features

Solutions BY COMPANY SIZE Enterprises
Small and medium teams
Startups
Nonprofits

BY USE CASE App Modernization
DevSecOps
DevOps
CI/CD
View all use cases

BY INDUSTRY Healthcare
Financial services
Manufacturing
Government
View all industries

View all solutions

Resources EXPLORE BY TOPIC AI
Software Development
DevOps
Security
View all topics

EXPLORE BY TYPE Customer stories
Events & webinars
Ebooks & reports
Business insights
GitHub Skills

SUPPORT & SERVICES Documentation
Customer support
Community forum
Trust center
Partners

View all resources

Open Source COMMUNITY GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers

PROGRAMS Security Lab
Maintainer Community
GitHub Stars
Archive Program

REPOSITORIES Topics
Trending
Collections

Enterprise ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform

AVAILABLE ADD-ONS GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features
Copilot for Business Enterprise-grade AI features
Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support

Pricing

Search /

Sign in
Sign up Appearance settings

You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.

Dismiss alert

GameDistribution

/

GD-HTML5

Public

Notifications
You must be signed in to change notification settings

Fork
18

Star
34

Code

Issues
7

Pull requests
0

Actions

Wiki

Security and quality
0

Insights

Additional navigation options

Code

Issues

Pull requests

Actions

Wiki

Security and quality

Insights

F.A.Q.

Jump to bottom

Arthur Hulsman edited this page Apr 16, 2018
&middot;
12 revisions

SDK integration

I don't see any ads!

This can happen, sometimes the provider does something wrong, but most of the time - and when you are testing locally - your ads get blocked from showing. That's right, ads don't show when testing locally.

It is possible to enable a fake ad for proper testing. Simply open your game with SDK integration within a browser and open the developer tools. Now within the console type the following and hit enter. This will give you some testing capabilities. Make sure to select the correct frame to call this from if you're testing your game from an iframe.

gdsdk.openConsole();

This will also work for the Unity and Construct SDK's.

If you find this a bit hard, then simply set the debug property within your SDK settings to true . However don't forget to set it back to false before you upload your game. It is better to use the gdsdk.openConsole() method as it allows you to also test your game when its already on a production environment.

In order to disable debugging; clear your localStorage.

Another way to see ads is by testing your game on a server (online). However, ads are region specific, so its possible that you might not even get ads based on your current location.

Another work around would be to adjust your /etc/hosts .

Why isn't my game active? It works and I uploaded it successfully. Why is my SDK flag not marked as active?

This can happen when the SDK is not flagged as implemented within your game. In order for us to verify a correct SDK implementation it is mandatory to completely watch a video advertisement within your uploaded game. This is only possible from the page within your Gamedistribution.com control panel where you've uploaded your game. A flag will be set for your games once an advertisement is watched or skipped.

Now you can request your game to be published by clicking the designated button within your control panel. It can take up to 2 days for a game to be reviewed.

When do I get paid?

After the minimum of 50 euro share is met, payment is sent once data is collected at the end of each month.
Payments have a maximum payment term of 8 weeks.

Why do I see cross-promotion for other games?

In order to maximise traffic for other developers we sometimes enable cross-promotion from your game to someone else's. Your game can be promoted as well. This is decided by our content team; based on engagement, session duration, organic game plays and more.

Known Issues

I signed up as a publisher but am marked as a developer. Why does this happen?

We are currently investigating an issue with user roles.
Users who sign up as publishers do have the correct role.
These users are just shown with the incorrect label on the website.
We are working on resolving this.

Gamedistribution.com offers a free service for developers and publishers. We help game developers monetize and distribute their games. We offer publishers a wide range of high quality cross platform games.

Wiki pages

Pages 6

Loading

Home

Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page .

Loading

Display Ads

Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page .

Loading

F.A.Q.

SDK integration

I don't see any ads!

Why isn't my game active? It works and I uploaded it successfully. Why is my SDK flag not marked as active?

When do I get paid?

Why do I see cross-promotion for other games?

Known Issues

I signed up as a publisher but am marked as a developer. Why does this happen?

Loading

Rewarded Ads

Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page .

Loading

SDK Implementation

Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page .

Loading

Store API Integration

Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page .

DEVELOPERS

Use The Source

Clone this wiki locally

Footer

&copy; 2026 GitHub, Inc.

Footer navigation

Terms

Privacy

Security

Status

Community

Docs

Contact

Manage cookies

Do not share my personal information

You can’t perform that action at this time.
