Setting up budgets to control spending on metered products - GitHub Docs
Skip to main content

Skip to content
GitHub Docs

Search or ask Copilot /
Menu

Collapse sidebar Expand sidebar
Scroll breadcrumbs left Home
Billing and payments
How-tos
Set up budgets

Scroll breadcrumbs right

Billing and payments

Get started
How billing works

Introduction to billing

Billing manager onboard

Concepts
Billing cycles

Budgets and alerts

Cost centers

Azure subscriptions

Impact of plan changes

Discounted plans

Enterprise billing
Billing for enterprises

Usage-based licenses

Combined enterprise use

GHES license files

Azure DevOps licenses

Product billing
GitHub Actions

GitHub Advanced Security

GitHub Codespaces

GitHub Code Quality

GitHub Copilot billing

GitHub Copilot licenses

GitHub Packages

Cloud and local sandboxes

Git LFS

Third-party payments
GitHub Sponsors

GitHub Marketplace apps

How-tos
Set up payment
Manage payment info

Connect Azure sub

Redeem coupon

Add sales tax certificate

Manage enterprise invoice

Payments in India

Manage plan and licenses
Upgrade plan

Downgrade plan

Manage pending changes

View enterprise usage

Manage user licenses

Set up budgets

Products
View product/license use

Download license use

Buy Advanced Security

View and estimate spending

Use cost centers

Manage GHAS licenses

Disable GHAS for enterprise

Pay third-parties
Upgrade Marketplace app

Downgrade Marketplace app

Cancel Marketplace app

Upgrade sponsorship

Downgrade sponsorship

Cancel sponsorship

End sponsorship

Manage for client
Create client org

Create client enterprise

Create as CSP partner

Manage client org

Troubleshooting
Declined card

Locked account

Azure sub connection

Enterprise license usage

Reference
Actions runner pricing

Azure billing

Azure subscription

Billing reports

Billing roles

Cost center allocation

GitHub license users

License reports

Product and SKU names

Product usage included

Supported payment methods

Tutorials
Automate usage reporting

Monitor costs with soft budgets

Control costs at scale

Gather insights

In this article

Setting up budgets to control spending on metered products

Prevent overspending by setting budgets and tracking when metered usage nears or exceeds a budget threshold.

Copy markdown

Who can use this feature?

Organization owners, billing managers, and personal account users

In this article
Plan your budget type and scope

Managing budgets for your personal account

Managing budgets for your organization or enterprise

Next steps

Budgets help you track and control spending on different products. To learn more, see Budgets and alerts .

Plan your budget type and scope

Before you create a budget, it’s important to understand how budget types and scopes interact. Usage of metered products can count toward multiple applicable budgets at the same time, and if any budget with Stop usage when budget limit is reached enabled is exhausted, additional usage is blocked.

In this example, the organization has set a budget of $50 for the "Actions" product and a budget of $100 for one of the SKUs within the "Actions" product. The organization has used all the included quota of actions minutes and an extra $50 of billed minutes. Some of the extra use was for Linux 96-core runners so it is applied to both budgets. Overall, the organization has used the full budget for the "Actions" product of $50. Members are now blocked from using all GitHub-hosted runners until the next billing cycle or until the "Actions" product budget is increased. The SKU budget for Linux 96-core runners serves no purpose and is confusing, so should be deleted.

We recommend that you avoid creating overlapping budgets for the use of a product and a SKU, or an organization and a repository, so that users are not unexpectedly blocked from using a feature that they rely on. Alternatively, you may prefer to monitor use without blocking users by disabling the "Stop usage when budget limit is reached" option.

For Copilot under usage-based billing, user-level budgets add another layer to consider. A user-level budget can block a user even when the enterprise or cost center budget still has capacity. It is the first check in the evaluation sequence. When planning your budget configuration, account for how user-level budgets, cost center budgets, and the enterprise spending limit interact. See Budgets for usage-based billing .

Managing budgets for your personal account

You can set budgets and receive alerts when your usage of a product reaches 75%, 90%, or 100% of a defined budget. Budgets can be set for a specific repository or for your whole account.

Open your billing overview page: https://github.com/settings/billing .

Click Budgets and alerts .

To create a new budget, click New budget .

Under "Budget Type" select Product-level budget , SKU-level budget , or Bundled AI credits budget .

To limit spending at a Product-level, in "Product-level budget" choose a product from the dropdown, for example: Codespaces.

To limit spending at a SKU-level, in "SKU-level budget" choose a Product and then a SKU, for example: Codespaces and Codespaces storage.

To limit spending on AI credits across all features, enable "Bundled AI credits budget" or to limit spending for a specific feature, set a SKU-level budget for the feature (such as Copilot AI credits, Spark AI credits, or Copilot cloud agent).

Under "Budget scope", set the scope of spending for this budget.

Under "Budget", set a budget amount.

To stop any usage and further spending once the budget limit is reached, select Stop usage when budget limit is reached , if available. This option is not available for user-level budgets, which always enforce a hard stop.

Important

If you do not select Stop usage when budget limit is reached , you will be notified by email if you exceed your budget, but usage will not be stopped.

To receive an alert if your budget has reached 75%, 90% and 100% thresholds, select Receive budget threshold alerts under "Alerts". When the budget has reached the specific threshold, you will be notified via email and a banner on GitHub. You may opt out at any time.

Click Create budget .

To edit or delete a budget, on the "Budget and alerts" page, click Edit or Delete next to the budget you want to edit or delete. Follow the prompts.

Managing included usage alerts for your personal account

GitHub can send you email notifications when the included usage for your plan reaches 90% and 100% during a billing period. To learn more about what these alerts cover, see Budgets and alerts .

Open your billing overview page: https://github.com/settings/billing .

Click Budgets and alerts .

Under "Included usage alerts", select or clear Receive alerts when my included usage reaches 90% and 100% to opt in or out of email notifications.

Managing budgets for your organization or enterprise

Important

Copilot usage is now measured in AI credits under usage-based billing. Existing premium request budgets have been automatically converted to AI credit budgets. See Usage-based billing for organizations and enterprises .

You can set budgets and receive alerts when your usage of a product or license type reaches 75%, 90%, or 100% of a defined budget. For budgets that control metered use of a product, you can also block further use when the budget is exhausted. Each budget has a scope.

Organization budget scopes : the whole organization or a single repository within the organization

Enterprise budget scopes :

Metered products: the whole enterprise, a single organization, a single repository, or a single cost center

Enterprise licenses (metered): the whole enterprise or a single cost center

AI credits (bundled): the whole enterprise, a single organization, a single cost center, or per user

Viewing budgets

If you are an organization owner, enterprise owner, or billing manager, any account-level budget is listed at the top of the "Budgets and alerts" page, followed by budgets for smaller scopes.

Navigate to your organization or enterprise. For example, from the Organizations or Enterprises pages on GitHub.com.

Click Billing & Licensing to display the billing and licensing overview for the account:

Organization accounts: under "Access" in the sidebar for settings.

Enterprise accounts: a separate tab at the top of the page.

Click Budgets and alerts .

Optionally, in the enterprise view only, to filter by scope, select Scope , then choose a scope.

Creating a budget

As the owner of an enterprise or organization account, or as a billing manager, you can set a budget at the account level, or at any level below this.

In the "Budgets and alerts" view, click New budget .

Under "Budget Type" select Product-level budget , SKU-level budget , or Bundled AI credits budget .

Product-level budget : Limits spending on a single product (for example, Codespaces).

SKU-level budget : Limits spending on a specific SKU within a product (for example, GitHub Secret Protection within GitHub Advanced Security).

Bundled AI credits budget : Limits spending across all SKUs that consume AI credits, including Copilot, Copilot cloud agent, and Spark. Available where overage spend is enabled.

Under "Budget scope", set the scope of spending for this budget.

Enterprise : Tracks spending across all organizations, repositories, and cost centers in the enterprise.

Organization : Tracks spending for all repositories in the organization.

Cost center : Tracks spending for a single cost center.

Users : Sets a per-user budget. Available when you select Bundled AI credits budget as the budget type.

Leave the user field empty to create a universal budget that applies to all Copilot-licensed users.

Select a cost center to create a user-level budget that applies to every user in that cost center. This sets one per-user amount for all current and future members, and overrides the universal budget for them.

Select a specific user to create an individual budget that overrides both the universal budget and any cost center user-level budget for that user.

If you selected a specific user, optionally set an expiration date for the individual budget under "Expiration".

No expiration : The budget applies until you edit or delete it. This is the default.

End of current billing cycle : GitHub removes the budget when the current billing cycle ends.

Specific date : GitHub removes the budget on the date you choose.

When an individual budget expires, GitHub removes it and the user falls back to the next budget that applies to them: their cost center user-level budget, if they have one, or otherwise the universal user-level budget. If neither budget is configured, no user-level budget applies. See Budgets for usage-based billing .

Under "Budget", set a budget amount or license count.

To stop any usage and further spending once the budget limit is reached, select Stop usage when budget limit is reached or Limit usage when budget limit is reached , if available. This option is available for metered products and for Advanced Security SKU-level budgets . For Advanced Security, this option prevents new enablement on additional repositories. It doesn't disable Advanced Security on repositories where it is already active. See GitHub Advanced Security license billing .

Important

If you do not select one of these options, you will be notified by email if you exceed your budget, but usage will not be stopped.

To receive an alert if your budget has reached 75%, 90% and 100% thresholds, select Receive budget threshold alerts under "Alerts". When the budget has reached the specific threshold, you will be notified via email and a banner on GitHub. You may opt out at any time.

Under "Alert Recipients", select the people who will receive the alerts.

Click Create budget .

Managing included usage alerts

GitHub can send email notifications when the included usage for your account reaches 90% and 100% during a billing period. To learn more about what these alerts cover, see Budgets and alerts .

Navigate to the "Budgets and alerts" view. See Viewing budgets .

Under "Included usage alerts", select or clear Receive alerts when my included usage reaches 90% and 100% to opt in or out of email notifications.

Editing or deleting a budget

Important

Deleting a budget may remove any limits on spending, depending on your other existing budgets.

You can edit or delete a budget at any time, but you cannot change the scope of a budget after creating it.

For an individual user-level budget, you can also change or clear the expiration date at any time.

Navigate to the "Budgets and alerts" view. See Viewing budgets .

In the list of budgets, click next to the budget you want to edit, and click Edit or Delete .

Follow the prompts.

Managing requests for additional budget

When a member exhausts a Copilot AI credits budget, they can ask you to increase it. See Managing requests for additional Copilot budget .

Controlling included usage for a cost center

Budgets cap metered charges after the shared pool of AI credits is exhausted. To cap how much of the pool a cost center can use before the metered phase, use an included usage control. GitHub sets the cap automatically based on the licenses assigned to the cost center, and you choose whether members are blocked or roll into paid overage when the cap is reached. See Budgets for usage-based billing and Cost centers .

Note

Enabling included usage controls does not retroactively redistribute the shared AI credits enterprise pool. After the setting is enabled, users in the cost center share only the included AI credits funded by licenses attributed to that cost center. When the setting is disabled, users in the cost center can continue drawing from the shared enterprise pool.

Next steps

For Copilot-specific budget guidance under usage-based billing, including user-level budgets and configuration scenarios, see Budgets for usage-based billing and Optimizing your budget configuration .

Back to top

Help and support
Was this Doc helpful?
Yes
No

Help us make GitHub Docs great!
All Docs are open source. See something that's wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request.
Make a contribution

Still need help?
Ask the GitHub community Contact support Expert services Blog

GitHub Inc. © 2026 Terms Privacy Status Pricing
