Budgets and alerts - GitHub Docs
Skip to main content

Skip to content
GitHub Docs

Search or ask Copilot /
Menu

Collapse sidebar Expand sidebar
Scroll breadcrumbs left Home
Billing and payments
Concepts
Budgets and alerts

Scroll breadcrumbs right

Billing and payments

Get started
How billing works

Introduction to billing

Billing manager onboard

Concepts
Billing cycles

Budgets and alerts

Cost centers

Azure subscriptions

Impact of plan changes

Discounted plans

Enterprise billing
Billing for enterprises

Usage-based licenses

Combined enterprise use

GHES license files

Azure DevOps licenses

Product billing
GitHub Actions

GitHub Advanced Security

GitHub Codespaces

GitHub Code Quality

GitHub Copilot billing

GitHub Copilot licenses

GitHub Packages

Cloud and local sandboxes

Git LFS

Third-party payments
GitHub Sponsors

GitHub Marketplace apps

How-tos
Set up payment
Manage payment info

Connect Azure sub

Redeem coupon

Add sales tax certificate

Manage enterprise invoice

Payments in India

Manage plan and licenses
Upgrade plan

Downgrade plan

Manage pending changes

View enterprise usage

Manage user licenses

Set up budgets

Products
View product/license use

Download license use

Buy Advanced Security

View and estimate spending

Use cost centers

Manage GHAS licenses

Disable GHAS for enterprise

Pay third-parties
Upgrade Marketplace app

Downgrade Marketplace app

Cancel Marketplace app

Upgrade sponsorship

Downgrade sponsorship

Cancel sponsorship

End sponsorship

Manage for client
Create client org

Create client enterprise

Create as CSP partner

Manage client org

Troubleshooting
Declined card

Locked account

Azure sub connection

Enterprise license usage

Reference
Actions runner pricing

Azure billing

Azure subscription

Billing reports

Billing roles

Cost center allocation

GitHub license users

License reports

Product and SKU names

Product usage included

Supported payment methods

Tutorials
Automate usage reporting

Monitor costs with soft budgets

Control costs at scale

Gather insights

In this article

Budgets and alerts

Budgets help you track and control spending on different products.

Copy markdown

In this article
Stopping usage

Types and scopes

Roles and access for budgets

Budget alerts

Included usage alerts

Your first billing cycle after creating a budget

Budget limitation

Set up a budget

Budgets and alerts allow you to track spending on metered products for your enterprise, organizations, cost centers (enterprise only), users, and repositories. Budgets and alerts are not available for pre-paid volume licenses.

By setting a monthly budget, you can monitor your spending and receive notifications by email when your spending exceeds certain preset percentages of your budget threshold. This can help you stay within your budget and avoid overspending.

Stopping usage

For most license-based products such as GitHub Copilot, GitHub Team, and GitHub Enterprise, setting a budget does not prevent usage over the budget amount but does provide alerts. GitHub Advanced Security SKUs are an exception to this, as they can be set to stop usage when the budget amount is reached. See GitHub Advanced Security license billing .

For metered products such as GitHub Actions, Copilot AI credits, or cloud sandboxes, you can set budgets to prevent usage once the budget threshold is reached.

Types and scopes

Each budget has a type and a scope that define which paid use contributes to spending against the budget.

Type : Defines which metered product or SKU is measured.

Scope : Defines whether the budget applies to the whole account, or to a subset of repositories, organizations, cost centers (enterprise only), or users. User-scoped budgets are currently only supported for Copilot AI credits, and have three scopes:

Universal : applies to all licensed users by default

Cost center user-level : applies to every user in a cost center

Individual : overrides the above for specific users, and can be given an optional expiration date so a temporary override is removed automatically

For Copilot, cost centers can also have included usage controls, which cap how much of the shared AI credits pool a cost center can use before metered usage begins. This is a separate control from the budgets and the included usage alerts described below. See Budgets for usage-based billing .

Roles and access for budgets

Enterprise owners and billing managers can create and edit enterprise and cost center budgets, and they receive budget alerts by default. Organization owners can set budgets for their own organization, and personal account owners can set budgets for their own account. Each of these roles can view usage for the scopes they manage.

Budget alerts

You can enable alerts for budgets to be notified when usage reaches 75%, 90%, and 100% of the budget amount. Alerts are shown in the GitHub UI and sent by email. By default, alerts go to account owners and billing managers, and you can add additional recipients as needed. Budget alerts are available for budgets scoped to your enterprise, a cost center, an organization, or a repository.

Note

Alerting for user-level budgets is not consistently available in all scenarios. Don't rely on user-level budget alerts as your only signal, also monitor usage at the cost center or enterprise level.

Included usage alerts

In addition to budget alerts, GitHub can send email notifications when the included usage for your plan reaches 90% and 100% during a billing period. This helps you stay ahead of unexpected overage charges or workflow disruptions before you exceed your free allowance.

Included usage alerts are available for the following metered products:

GitHub Actions minutes

GitHub Actions storage

GitHub Packages bandwidth

GitHub Packages storage

Git Large File Storage bandwidth

Git Large File Storage storage

GitHub Codespaces core hours

GitHub Codespaces storage

Each email identifies the account, the product, the approximate usage compared to the included allowance, and the current billing period. The email also includes a direct link to your budgets page for further monitoring.

Enterprise owners, organization owners, personal account owners, and billing managers can opt in or out of these notifications from the Included usage alerts control on the "Budgets and alerts" page. For more information, see Setting up budgets to control spending on metered products .

Note

Included usage alerts are different from budget threshold alerts. Budget threshold alerts notify you when spending reaches a percentage of a dollar budget you have set. Included usage alerts notify you when your plan's free usage allowance is approaching depletion, regardless of whether you have set a budget.

Your first billing cycle after creating a budget

When you first create a budget, be aware that the budget applies only to metered usage from the date of its creation onwards. Any use made before you created the budget is not included in the calculations. This means that you may exceed your budget in the first billing cycle after you create your budget, even if you select the option stop usage when the limit is reached.

Budget limitation

The maximum number of budgets per account is 10,000.

Set up a budget

To get started with budgets, see Setting up budgets to control spending on metered products .

Back to top

Help and support
Was this Doc helpful?
Yes
No

Help us make GitHub Docs great!
All Docs are open source. See something that's wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request.
Make a contribution

Still need help?
Ask the GitHub community Contact support Expert services Blog

GitHub Inc. © 2026 Terms Privacy Status Pricing
