The Onboarding Process - StreetLib Help Center

Toggle Navigation

Ebook

Audiobook

Libri cartacei

Crea i tuoi libri con Write

Direct Marketing

Gestisci il tuo account e i pagamenti

StreetLib Store

Webinar

Ready

Ebooks

Audiobooks

Paperbooks

Create Your Books

Manage Your Account and Royalties

StreetLib Direct Marketing

SL Store

Accountverwaltung und Einnahmen

Ebook Veröffentlichung

Hörbücher

Bucherstellung

FAQ zum Umzug auf die neue Plattform

FAQ on Platform Changeover

Contact

Contact

The Onboarding Process

To complete your registration on StreetLib and start taking advantage of the services available on the platform, you just need to follow a few, simple steps of our onboarding process.

Step 1 - Your StreetLib profile

In the Required Steps section, just click on "Your StreetLib Profile", enter the main information and tell us if you are an author or a publisher:

Step 2 - The payment method

Go back to the onboarding homepage and in the Mandatory Steps section, click to edit "Your Payment method". You can choose from the different payment methods available. You will only need to enter the required data for the selected method. For example, to receive your earnings directly to your Paypal account, you just need to add the email address of your Paypal account, as shown in the image below.

Step 3 - The billing profile

Go back to the onboarding homepage and in the Mandatory Steps section click to edit your "Billing Profile". Complete the steps by adding all necessary information. In Step 4, you will be asked to associate the profile with a payment method; at this point, select the payment method previously created and save the page.

Step 4 - The distribution agreement

Please carefully read and accept our distribution agreement. This is the last step. On the onboarding page , in the Additional Steps section, click on the section related to the distribution Agreement, and the document will open on your browser, and the button "Accept and confirm" will activate.

You have completed the onboarding process and you can now access the Hub service to start uploading your content!

Still need help?
Contact Us
Contact Us

Last updated on April 17, 2025

Toggle Search

Categories

Create and manage your StreetLib account

Billing and Payments

Book sales

No results found

&copy;

StreetLib SRL

2026. Powered by Help Scout
