Create, Update, or Delete Your Account - StreetLib Help Center

Toggle Navigation

Ebook

Audiobook

Libri cartacei

Crea i tuoi libri con Write

Direct Marketing

Gestisci il tuo account e i pagamenti

StreetLib Store

Webinar

Ready

Ebooks

Audiobooks

Paperbooks

Create Your Books

Manage Your Account and Royalties

StreetLib Direct Marketing

SL Store

Accountverwaltung und Einnahmen

Ebook Veröffentlichung

Hörbücher

Bucherstellung

FAQ zum Umzug auf die neue Plattform

FAQ on Platform Changeover

Contact

Contact

Create, Update, or Delete Your Account

Onboarding

You can create your account by immediately clicking on the Sign Up button also visible on the home page of our site:

You can then complete your account by following the onboarding wizard . Warning: this is a very important step, without which you will not be able to start distributing your books.

IMPORTANT NOTES

You must enter your real personal data, even if you will publish your books under a pseudonym (pen-name). Your real name will not be made public in any way

If the books to be published are the result of several authors, only one must register. The payment of the earnings from the sales of the works will be paid to the registered person, and the division between the authors of the earnings will be managed by the authors themselves, in a completely independent way by StreetLib.

Choose Your Plan

In StreetLib, authors and publishers located internationally (outside of Italy and Germany, Austria, and Switzerland) are subject to our membership plans. The reason why is that our goal, at StreetLib, is to create the ultimate cloud-based digital publishing platform. To do that, we are investing in technology to make it as easy for publishers of any size to publish books worldwide.

Here's how the new paid membership tiers are set up:

1. Subscription – $99 per year

Earn 85% of net revenue

Global digital distribution

Up to 100 titles

Ebook & audiobook distribution

Annual payment, cancel anytime

2. Lifetime Access – $299 one-time payment

Earn 85% of net revenue

Global digital distribution

Up to 100 titles

Ebook & audiobook distribution

No renewals — save over time

Important Notes:

These plans apply only to accounts created on or after March 17, 2026.

Change or Delete Your Account

You can make changes to the data entered or update your account password at any time. To do this, you will need to log in and click on the image with your avatar at the top right and then on "Profile":

To delete your account contact us: we will provide you with all the information you need to proceed.

Still need help?
Contact Us
Contact Us

Last updated on March 17, 2026

Toggle Search

Categories

Create and manage your StreetLib account

Billing and Payments

Book sales

No results found

&copy;

StreetLib SRL

2026. Powered by Help Scout
