RealPDE Competition — NeurIPS 2026

RealPDECompetition

About
Tracks
Data
Metrics
Timeline
Prizes
Rules
Resources
Organizers
RealPDEBench

Join ▾

Track 1 · Sim2Real

Registration closed
Codabench

Track 2 · LTTTA

Registration closed
Codabench

NeurIPS 2026 Competition

RealPDE
Competition

Scientific ML for Real-world Physical Systems. The first NeurIPS Scientific ML competition centered on data from real physical systems.

NeurIPS 2026 session: Friday, December 11, 1:00–3:15 p.m. AEDT, International Convention Centre Sydney, Room MR C4.3.

Competition launches in:

--
Days

--
Hours

--
Minutes

--
Seconds

Track 1 · Sim2Real ▾

Registration closed
Submit on Codabench

Track 2 · LTTTA ▾

Registration closed
Submit on Codabench

About

Bridging the Sim-to-Real Gap
for Deployable Scientific ML

A new competition centered on paired real-world and simulated data, targeting the core capabilities needed for Scientific ML in real physical systems.

Paired Real & Simulated Data

A new dataset of paired real-world trajectories (PIV measurements) and 3D CFD simulations of cross-sectional flow over the NACA4418 airfoil, spanning diverse angles of attack and Reynolds numbers.

Two Complementary Tracks

Sim2Real transfer learning and Long-Term Test-Time Adaptation (LTTTA), targeting the two core capabilities needed for deployable Scientific ML in real physical systems.

Physics-aware Metrics

Beyond point-wise errors: physics-meaningful evaluation including TKE, mean velocity profile, efficiency scoring, and a novel Safe Prediction Score for reliability.

REAL · PIV

SIM · CFD

SIM · CFD

REAL · PIV

NACA4418
·
Re = 5025
·
AoA = 5°

Competition Tracks

Two Independent Tracks

Running simultaneously. Participate in one or both.

Registration is closed. Codabench join requests closed at 00:00 UTC on August 21, 2026, and the team registration form closed at 23:59 AoE the same day. Teams that registered in time continue to submit as normal.

Track 1
Sim-to-Real Transfer Learning

Bridge the gap between simulated and real-world fluid dynamics data for foil systems. Develop models that fuse rich simulated data with noisy, partially-observed real-world measurements.

Leverage complete modalities from CFD simulations (velocity fields $u, v$ and pressure $p$)

Adapt to noise, limited observability, and distribution shifts in real-world PIV data

Directly addresses industrial applications: aircraft foil aerodynamics, wind turbine blade optimization

Track 2
Long-Term Test-Time Adaptation

Tackle long-horizon predictive modeling with continuous online adaptation to streaming real-world observations, mimicking real operational deployment scenarios.

Iterative N-step autoregressive prediction with real-time observation integration

Counteract error accumulation over extended time horizons

Allows agent-augmented adaptation (e.g., LLM-based controllers for adaptive update scheduling, memory retrieval, module selection)

Models real-world scenarios: sensor monitoring during flight, wind turbine performance tracking

Dataset

NACA4418 Airfoil
Paired Real & Simulated Data

A canonical geometry in aerodynamics and hydrodynamics, with matched experimental PIV measurements and high-fidelity 3D CFD simulations.

Real-World Data (PIV)

A 3D airfoil installed in a circulating water tunnel. Cross-sectional velocity fields measured using time-resolved Particle Image Velocimetry with laser-sheet illumination and high-speed cameras.

Simulated Data (CFD)

Matched 3D CFD simulations under identical geometric and operating conditions, providing complete modalities (velocity $u, v$ and pressure $p$) with dense parameter coverage.

Operating Conditions

Angles of attack: 0°, 5°, 10°, 15°, 20°. Reynolds number range: 2968–27975. 100 paired trajectories, ~600 time steps each, at $64\times128$ resolution.

Operating Regimes

Reynolds Number

20325
16500
10125
8850
5025

0°
5°
10°
15°
20°

Angle of Attack

Real PIV vorticity fields across the full operating envelope. Diverging red/blue colormap for $\omega_z$ (red: positive, blue: negative). Resolution reflects the native PIV grid.

Evaluation

Physics-Aware Metrics

A deployment-oriented evaluation protocol with three dimensions: accuracy, efficiency, and safety.

Relative $L_2$ Error

Standard pixel-wise error between predicted and ground-truth physical fields. The core data-fidelity metric.

Turbulent Kinetic Energy (TKE)

Relative $L_2$ error of TKE. Measures how well a model captures velocity-fluctuation energy, a physically interpretable quantity for validating fluid models against real flow behavior.

Mean Velocity Profile Error (MVPE)

Long-horizon evaluation: relative $L_2$ error between time-averaged velocity profiles at probe points (e.g., near the wake region behind the foil).

Time Score (Efficiency)

Sigmoid-shaped normalized runtime relative to numerical solvers ($r = t_{\text{neural}} / t_{\text{numerical}}$). Stays high below a runtime threshold, then smoothly penalizes slower models.

Safe Prediction Score (SPS)

Jointly evaluates physical accuracy, uncertainty coverage, and interval tightness, penalizing intervals that miss the ground truth and rewarding accurate, tight intervals.

Composite Score

Each metric is mapped to a 0–100 scale (higher is better) and combined as a weighted sum across metrics for the final ranking.

Schedule

Timeline

16 weeks across three phases, culminating at the associated NeurIPS 2026 workshop.

July 5, 2026 (UTC)

Competition Launch

Dataset, starting kit, and Codabench platform open for submissions.

July 19, 2026 (UTC)

Warm-up Phase Ends

2 weeks. Familiarize with data, test submissions, provide feedback on evaluation criteria.

September 27, 2026 (UTC)

Main Development Phase Ends

10 weeks. Core development period; iterate on models using the leaderboard.

October 25, 2026 (UTC)

Decision Phase Ends

4 weeks. Top models validated and re-trained on organizer GPU clusters; private test set evaluation.

November 10, 2026

Final Results Announced

Rankings published. Winners notified via email and competition website.

November 25, 2026

Code & Fact Sheet Deadline

Winning teams open-source their solutions (2 weeks before NeurIPS presentation).

December 11, 2026

NeurIPS 2026 Session

1:00–3:15 p.m. AEDT (02:00–04:15 UTC), International Convention Centre Sydney, Room MR C4.3. Invited talks, talks by the competition winners, and posters by the top 10 teams in each track.

Rewards

Prizes

Awarded independently per track. Compete in both for double the opportunity.

01

1st Place

$6,000

per track

02

2nd Place

$3,000

per track

03

3rd Place

$1,500

per track

Cash prizes funded by Uniforce AI Ltd. The top 3 teams in each track will be invited to deliver oral presentations at the competition workshop. The top 5 teams in each track will be invited to co-author a joint paper summarizing the competition results, and each of these teams may nominate one advisor of their own (for example, a faculty supervisor) as a co-author. Certificates are awarded to the top 5 teams in each track and may optionally name one advisor.

Regulations

Rules

Key rules for fair and transparent competition.

Rule
Details

Eligibility
Open to all individuals and academic/industrial teams worldwide.

Registration
Registration closed on August 21, 2026 (Codabench join at 00:00 UTC, team form at 23:59 AoE). Every team had to complete the registration form; Codabench join requests without a matching form response are denied. Registered teams continue to submit as normal.

Team Size
Maximum of 3 members per team.

Submissions
1 submission per day; 100 total per phase across all participating tracks.

LTTTA Agent Use
Agent-augmented adaptation (e.g., LLM controllers) is permitted in Track 2. Number of agent interaction steps must be explicitly bounded by the protocol, and all agent computation is included in the runtime evaluation.

Accounts
One account per team (shared email). Multiple accounts are strictly prohibited and will result in disqualification.

Platform
All submissions via Codabench (link goes live at competition launch). Code must be compatible with PyTorch and follow the starting kit interface.

Evaluation
Public validation set + private test set (unseen parameters, novel angles-of-attack / Reynolds numbers).

Open Source
Winners must open-source their complete solution (architecture, training scripts, hyperparameters) no later than 2 weeks before NeurIPS presentation.

Final Ranking
Determined solely by the global composite score on all weighted metrics.

Resources

Getting Started

Everything you need to start competing.

Starting Kit

Submission templates, baseline loaders (CNO, FNO, Transolver), and the official scoring program. Download it from the Files tab on each track's Codabench page, visible after you sign in and your participation request is approved.

Tutorial Webinars

Interactive webinars on competition design, airfoil simulation, and the Codabench submission process. Recordings will be posted here.

Community

Codabench has a built-in forum for Q&A, team formation, and technical discussions. For anything else, reach the organizing team at realpde-competition@googlegroups.com .

Team

Organizers

An interdisciplinary team of 15 organizers from 11 institutions across 6 countries, spanning AI, fluid dynamics, applied mathematics, and Scientific ML, with 1600+ publications in venues such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, and leading fluid dynamics journals.

Lead Organizer

Tailin Wu

Westlake University · Founder, Uniforce AI Ltd

Assistant Professor and PI of the AI for Scientific Simulation and Discovery Lab at Westlake University. Ph.D. from MIT (2019), postdoc at Stanford CS. His work on ML for scientific simulation, design, and generative models has been featured by MIT Technology Review three times.

Lead organizer

Contributors

Haodong Feng

Westlake University · Zhongguancun Institute of AI

Dataset · Evaluation design · Baselines

Peiyan Hu

AMSS, CAS · Westlake University

Coordination · Data · Evaluation · Proposal

Hongyuan Liu

Westlake University

Data measurement and preparation

Tianrun Gao

Tongji University · Fudan University

Evaluation pipelines · Baselines

Ruiqi Feng

Westlake University

Evaluation pipeline · Baselines

Wenhao Deng

University of Glasgow · Westlake University

Website · Codabench platform

Tengfei Xu

Westlake University

Safe metrics design · Evaluation pipeline

Scientific Advisors

Xinyu Yang

IHPC, A*STAR

Research Scientist; physics foundation models and agentic AI for scientific workflows. Designs the agent-enhanced adaptation strategies for Track 2.

Lei Bai

Shanghai AI Laboratory

Leads the AI for Science Center; builds research agents for autonomous discovery and the FengWu weather forecasting series.

Zongyi Li

New York University

Assistant Professor of Mathematics and Data Science. Co-creator of the Fourier Neural Operator. Schmidt Science AI2050 Fellow; postdoc at MIT CSAIL with Kaiming He.

Johannes Brandstetter

Emmi AI · JKU Linz

Co-founder and Chief Scientist at Emmi AI; Professor at JKU Linz. AI-driven physics surrogates for weather and climate at scale.

Nils Thuerey

Technical University of Munich (TUM)

Associate Professor. AI for fluids: diffusion modeling, foundation models, and tightly-integrated differentiable numerical simulation.

Rose Yu

UC San Diego · Amazon Scholar

Associate Professor at UCSD CSE. 2025 Samsung AI Researcher of the Year; PECASE and NSF CAREER awardee; MIT Technology Review Innovators Under 35. Spatiotemporal ML for science.

Anima Anandkumar

Caltech

Bren Professor at Caltech. Previously Senior Director of AI Research at NVIDIA and Principal Scientist at AWS. Sloan Fellow, IEEE Fellow, NSF CAREER awardee.

Citation

How to Cite

If the competition or the underlying benchmark contributes to your research, please cite:

RealPDE Competition

NeurIPS 2026 Competition Track

Copy

@inproceedings{wu2026neurips,
title={Neur{IPS} 2026 Real{PDE} Competition: Scientific {ML} for Real-world Physical Systems},
author={Tailin Wu and Wenhao Deng and Haodong Feng and Ruiqi Feng and Tianrun Gao and Peiyan Hu and Hongyuan Liu and Tengfei Xu and Xinyu Yang and Lei Bai and Zongyi Li and Johannes Brandstetter and Nils Thuerey and Rose Yu and Anima Anandkumar},
booktitle={The Fortieth Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems Competition Track},
year={2026},
url={https://openreview.net/forum?id=2FqmnAyc0G}
}

RealPDEBench

ICLR 2026 · Oral

GitHub

Copy

@inproceedings{hu2026realpdebench,
title={RealPDEBench: A Benchmark for Complex Physical Systems with Real-World Data},
author={Peiyan Hu and Haodong Feng and Hongyuan Liu and Tongtong Yan and Wenhao Deng and Tianrun Gao and Rong Zheng and Haoren Zheng and Chenglei Yu and Chuanrui Wang and Kaiwen Li and Zhi-Ming Ma and Dezhi Zhou and Xingcai Lu and Dixia Fan and Tailin Wu},
booktitle={The Fourteenth International Conference on Learning Representations},
year={2026},
url={https://openreview.net/forum?id=y3oHMcoItR},
note={Oral Presentation}
}

AI for Scientific Simulation and Discovery Lab

Compute infrastructure: 8× NVIDIA A800 GPUs sponsored by the organizers for Codabench evaluation.

RealPDEBench
Hugging Face
Contact

&copy; 2026 RealPDE Competition &middot; NeurIPS 2026 Competition Track

AI for Scientific Simulation and Discovery Lab , Westlake University
