New Upload Guidelines - The Spreadshop Blog

Help

Log In

Sign Up

Spreadshop

Toolbox

Selling Guide

Help

Log In

Sign Up

New Upload Guidelines

Sara

January 30, 2018

We’ve heard your feedback. Partners like you are currently waiting days for designs to be reviewed and approved. The logjam is due to a handful of Partners uploading hundreds of designs every day. To speed up the verification process and to give unique, individual designs the ability to stand out, we are changing our upload guidelines. Read on to learn more.

Why the limit?

Our design review team is hard at work examining thousands and thousands of designs each day. A small handful of Partners are responsible for most of the uploads, commanding the attention of the entire review team. As a result, other Partners are waiting days before their new design-uploads can be cleared.

More info regarding the limit can be found in a blog post from October.

Design limit

To speed up the design review process, we will implement a limit on the number of daily design uploads:

50 designs max. per day

Partners reaching the 50 daily design limit will be notified in the upload section and will have to wait until the next day to upload more designs.

Beginning 01.02.2018

Restricting third-party designs

Spreadshirt will also be rejecting designs that come from third-party platforms, including

Pixabay

Freepik

PngTree

Openclipart

Wikimedia

AdobeStock

Fotolia

Shutterstock

123rf

Colourbox

These designs will only be allowed if they’ve been reworked prior to uploading, interpreted differently, and if Partner have valid proof that they can use the design. Spreadshirt will also reject any designs that have purely been downloaded from another source.

What would also be considered as an insufficient design?

An original, unaltered image

A minor color change

A minor transformation (including mirroring or rotation)

What this means for you

If you’re worried about your fellow users utilizing multiple accounts, we’re on it. We’ll be banning these accounts if they’re found to be violating or circumventing the rules. Of course, we will notify and warn these individuals before taking this drastic step.

Thanks to these various restrictions, you should find that designs make it to the Marketplace significantly quicker. This new verification process should ultimately help those Partners who are only uploading a handful of designs each day.

If you have any questions, please let us know in the comments below. We’ll get back to you asap.

share

share

save

Uncategorized

More from this site

Merch Stats: Spreadshirt App Update

0
0
votes

Article Rating

6 Comments

Newest

Oldest
Most Voted

Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Joe Lapp

7 years ago

At what time and in what timezone does the limit reset? I’m trying to plan my day.

It appears to me that you’re only vetting designs that go on the marketplace, as mine publish to my shop immediately. If this is the case, it would be nice to move the limit to the number of designs that can be put on the marketplace per day.

I bumped up against the limit because I learned a better ways to do the designs, fixed them accordingly, and re-uploaded them. The last time I bumped up to the limit was when porting the designs in my old partner account to the new-style partner account.

0

Joe Lapp

7 years ago

Reply to

Joe Lapp

It just reset at midnight GMT. Since I’m 6 hours earlier in CST and -6 seems kind of arbitrary, I’m assuming that its midnight GMT for everyone regardless of time zone.

0

Bob

7 years ago

Hi, I’m totally new here and uploaded my first design this afternoon.

Everything went fine and I was very happy. My design was a graphic spiral typography welcoming new parents to parenthood. A few hours later I needed to add the words “no sweetie” to the graphic to improve the design.

I deleted the first design and then tried to upload the revised design. After doing so, it was rejected as unable to print. The second design was the same svg file format, same size as the other, with just the two words added. Did I do something wrong? Thank you, -Bob 🙂

0

Adil masood

8 years ago

Thank you very much for this important information.

0

Jomadado

8 years ago

SWEEP THE LEG!!!!

0

Silvia

8 years ago

Thank you so much! It’s high time that quality works are not swamped in cheap mass uploads.

0

Next Post &raquo;

&laquo; Previous Post

Get Started Now! Sign Up

Log In

Spreadshop

Help

SpreadApp

Legal Information

Privacy Policy

Do not sell my personal information

About Us

wpDiscuz

Insert
