                 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SERVICE PROVISION (STANDARD)
   (EBOOK AND AUDIOBOOK; PRINT ON DEMAND; ON CONSIGNMENT – FOR AUTHORS AND PUBLISHERS)
                                   Milan, version “January 2025”

StreetLib S.r.l., with registered office in Corso Venezia 10, 20123 Milan (MI), Italy, tax code and VAT
number 05338720963, email (certified): [redacted:email]@pec-mail.it, REA MI-2094063, is a
company providing services related to digital publishing and production of latest-generation
audiobooks and ebooks (i.e. works in different digital formats, such as PDF, ePub and Kindle).
StreetLib S.r.l. is the owner of “StreetLib”, an online computer platform , which allows authors and
publishers to acquire several publishing digital services, including in particular the uploading and
storing of their works in digital format to market them to end users as ebook or audiobook,
through retailers as digital bookstores, web applications and mobile devices connected to StreetLib
(hereinafter collectively "digital bookstores"), or even, upon request, in print format via the "print
on demand" service or the distribution “on consignment” (sale or return), for their marketing
through online or physical bookstores.
The use of StreetLib is granted for commercial purposes of authors and publishers.
Authors and publishers who intend to purchase services from StreetLib S.r.l. for the marketing of
works in their digital catalog must register in advance on StreetLib by creating their personal
account for platform usage; this includes accepting the corresponding General Conditions, which
are an essential prerequisite for accessing the services.
In this document, the following terms have the meanings indicated next:
    -​ "SL": StreetLib S.r.l.;
    -​ "Publisher": authors and publishers interested in purchasing services from StreetLib S.r.l. for
        commercial purposes via StreetLib;
    -​ "Contract": the acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, including Annex 1 "Economic
        terms and invoicing", for the offer of services by SL;
    -​ "audiobook": any digital file containing one or more works, including recorded readings of
        the work and may also include, among other things, sounds, text, art, images, photographs,
        videos, metadata, and other digital content related to the work;
    -​ "ebook": digital files of various formats, including PDF, ePub, and Kindle, containing one or
        more works primarily composed of text and may also include, among other things, images,
        photographs, sounds, metadata, and other digital content related to the work;
    -​ "print-ready" file: any digital file suitable for print of the paper copy of the work;


                                                                                       Pagina 1 di 21
   -​ “print on demand”: marketing of works in paper format through the Amazon circuit or SL
      proprietary channels;
   -​   “on consignment”: distribution to national bookshops (based in Italy), electronically
      connected to StreetLib or served by wholesalers, of works in paper format made available
      for sale by the mentioned subjects to the final customer or to be returned to the Publisher
      in case of unsold books (sale or return);
   -​ "work/s": referring to both audiobooks, ebooks, and print-ready files.
 These Terms and Conditions for the provision of services govern the relations between the
 Publisher and SL, together with the General Conditions for the activation of the StreetLib
 account, the Content Policy and the Privacy Policy. All the mentioned documents are available in
 the Legal Policy section of SL, which can be consulted at the following address
 https://www.streetlib.com/it/legalpolicy .
 Additional (optional) services may be integrated into the platform environment, in which case
 you will be asked to accept their terms and conditions through the PREMIUM SERVICES section of
 www.streetlib.com, where you will also find their relevant technical description.

1. SUBJECT.
 1.1.​ Through StreetLib, SL provides the services described below, which can be activated upon
 the Publisher's request regarding the works in its digital catalogue.
   1.1.1. Ebook and audiobook. The use of StreetLib allows the Publisher, upon request, to market
   ebooks and audiobooks through the online Store of SL and/or other digitally connected
   bookstores through StreetLib.
   1.1.2. Print on demand. The use of StreetLib allows the Publisher, upon request, to market
   works in print-on-demand format through Amazon and/or SL proprietary channels (SL's online
   Store and/or “Totem”, the e-commerce space for purchase by bookshops, accessible at
   https://totembooks.io/).
   1.1.3. On consignment. The use of StreetLib allows the Publisher, on request and within the
   limits defined further on in the Contract, to put works on the market in paper format through
   national bookshops (based in Italy) electronically connected to StreetLib or served by
   wholesalers, accepting, however, the risk of unsold copies, with unconditional return of unsold
   copies and bearing the relative costs.
 1.2. The activation of the above services implies, in any case, the activation of connected
 services, in particular:


                                                                                   Pagina 2 di 21
   1.2.1. Storage;
   1.2.2. Technical support;
   1.2.3. Reporting and invoicing.
  1.3. The features of StreetLib and the technical and operational specifications for uploading files
  and using the services are available at our Help Center at this address:
  https://help.streetlib.com/.

2. PERMISSIONS GRANTED BY THE PUBLISHER.
  2.1. For the marketing of the titles of its digital catalogue through StreetLib, the Publisher:
    (i) may enter into specific retail agreements directly with the owners of digital bookstores
    connected to the platform and for the effect authorize SL to activate, in accordance with these
    agreements, the marketing of the titles through StreetLib,
    or
    (ii) if the Publisher has not entered into direct agreements with digital bookstores, hereby
    authorizes SL, without exclusivity, to agree with the digital bookstores for the marketing of the
    titles uploaded to the platform, without territorial limitations, and therefore in Italy as well as
    abroad. SL may conclude all contract and agreements with the owners of the digital bookstores
    and carry out all the useful or necessary operations for the marketing of the works by the
    Publisher through StreetLib, without however being able to attribute any exclusivity in favour of
    the owners of the digital bookstores.
  2.2. Unless – in the case referred in point 2.2. (i) – otherwise stated by the agreements between
  the Publisher and the digital bookstores, the Publisher:
  2.2.a) authorizes SL to accept the terms and conditions offered by third parties for the retail
  marketing of works through digital bookstores, even if they involve limitations regarding sales
  territories and/or other restrictions related to sales or end-user licensing. SL is granted broad
  discretion in this regard, except for the granting of exclusives. The terms and conditions applied
  by the digital bookstores connected to SL can be viewed at the following address:
  https://www.streetlib.com/book-stores, and it is the Publisher's responsibility to have direct
  knowledge by accessing the respective web pages of various digital bookstores. Specifically, for
  the provision of services, the Publisher hereby authorizes SL to store, archive, reproduce,
  communicate, distribute, stream, convert into other digital formats, and electronically transmit
  the Publisher's ebooks and audiobooks in Italy and abroad without any territorial limitations. SL
  may also authorize its own and any other digital bookstore connected to StreetLib for the storage,


                                                                                       Pagina 3 di 21
archiving, reproduction, communication, distribution, streaming, conversion into other digital
formats, and the application of DRM systems, sale, rental, digital lending (libraries), promotion,
indexing, and any other method of marketing the Publisher's ebooks and audiobooks without
territorial limitations. This includes allowing innovative ways of enjoying the work, such as adding
a personalized introduction and brief summaries, highlighting, providing captions, text-to-speech,
speech-to-text, and features like family sharing or periodic subscription for the use of digital
content comprising the work. The Publisher authorizes the release of information, including, if
provided, editorial material, information about the works or the author of the work, links,
graphics, metadata, photos, advertisements, trademarks, sounds, and videos related to the
works, free previews for promotional purposes within reasonable limits customary in the
industry, as required by digital bookstores;
2.2.b) authorizes SL to carry out any action or operation connected to the supply of the services,
provided that it does not increase the costs for the Publisher in any way beyond what is agreed
upon in this Contract. The rights granted to SL hereunder include the right to make adjustments
to the ebooks and audiobooks that may be necessary for the distribution and marketing of these
ebooks and audiobooks under this Contract;
2.2.c) authorizes SL also to enter into agreements with those digital bookstores that adopt
periodic subscription systems for access and fruition of digital content by end users and/or which
pay out the revenue and royalties due to the Publisher in accordance with revenue sharing
models for the distribution of net revenues, and/or on the basis of cash pooling systems between
the rights holders. In the event the terms and conditions established by certain digital stores to
enter into an agreement require the respect of best-price conditions, and/or maximum
thresholds for the retail price, the Publisher authorizes SL to reach said agreement even by
reducing the retail price. In any case, the Publisher will have the possibility to choose, through
StreetLib, the exclusion of one or more digital bookstores for the marketing of its works;
2.2.d) authorizes SL, in the event that certain digital bookstores require a mandatory minimum
duration for the agreement for the sale of works, to accept such a condition. In this case, SL will
promptly take steps to ensure that, in the event of the Publisher's withdrawal from this Contract,
the duration of the relationship with the digital bookstore is limited to the minimum contractually
specified, without renewal;
2.2.e) authorizes SL to provide its services even if certain digital bookstores require particular
modifications, or methods, concerning the technological protection (Digital Rights Management)
of the works, as long as this does not entail additional costs for the Publisher. It is understood


                                                                                     Pagina 4 di 21
that if the Publisher has decided to use technological protection for its works, SL may not provide
its services related to the distribution through the digital bookstores that do not allow any form
of technological protection of the files;
2.2.f) Terms and conditions for distribution through the Google Play’s digital bookstore:
Shall the Publisher decide to market its works through StreetLib and Google Play’s store, the
Publisher shall enter into a direct agreement with Google Ireland Ltd (Address: Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) to open a Google Play’s account. In this case, SL should be
meant to be the sole appointed manager of the Publisher’s Google Play account to the purpose
of managing the content uploaded on StreetLib. SL is therefore hereby granted by the Publisher
the sole authorization to upload the Publisher’s works on the Google Play platform, schedule and
manage promotions, send sales reports and other content management services on behalf of the
Publisher and according to the terms and conditions set forth by this Contract. The Publisher shall
provide Google Play with all the data, included the SL’s bank account coordinates, which are due
to allow SL to manage the marketing of the Publisher’s works and to collect the revenues from
works marketing net of the Google Play store’s fees. No change of any of such data by the
Publisher should occur without the prior written consent by SL. Should the Publisher change any
of such data without the SL’s prior consent, SL has the faculty to immediately terminate this
Contract and require to the Publisher the double of any incurred loss.
2.3. For the marketing of works in "print on demand" or the distribution “on consignment”, in
addition to the authorizations all indicated above - which, where applicable, are also extended to
SL's relationships with physical and online bookstores and wholesalers - the Publisher also
authorizes SL to conclude with printing house partners all agreements and to carry out all useful
or necessary operations, without however being able to attribute any exclusivity.
2.4. The Publisher acknowledges that any malfunctions, delays or non-fulfilments related to the
partners of SL in charge of printing and / or to the digital or brick-and-mortar bookstores
connected with StreetLib are not attributable to SL, which will not bear the risk of such
malfunctions, delays or non-fulfilments of third parties.


3. EBOOK E AUDIOBOOK.
3.1. The Publisher, through StreetLib, will be able to offer its ebooks and audiobooks for their
marketing through the digital bookstores with which the platform will be connected from time to
time, listed at the following address: https://www.streetlib.com/book-stores, subject to the
consent of the same, as provided for in point 8 below. The Publisher will also be able to select


                                                                                    Pagina 5 di 21
only some of the digital bookstores through which to distribute its ebooks and audiobooks. SL will
notify the Publisher of the additional bookstores with which it has established a new connection,
while the Publisher remains entitled, via the platform, to enable or not the sale on additional
bookstores. SL does not guarantee in any way the permanent connection of StreetLib with one or
more bookstores.
3.2. For each ebook to be uploaded on StreetLib, the Publisher shall assign a unique ISBN code,
independently or via StreetLib, within the limits and under the conditions set forth in Annex 1
“Economic terms and invoicing”; the code shall be different from that of the corresponding
printed edition, if any.
In the event that the unique ISBN code to be attributed to the ebook for the marketing of the
ebook itself is requested via StreetLib, the Publisher authorizes SL to communicate to third
parties the code, with the heading of the same code to SL, and related data and metadata, also
remodulated through digital formats (eg. onix 3.0), providing for them the guarantees referred to
in point 11 below, which applies in full. In particular, the Publisher authorizes SL to communicate
the ISBN code, data and metadata also to third parties, who may possibly modify them (for
integration, addition, cancellation or variation), in order to insert them in databases owned by
third parties for publication and distribution to licensee customers and/or users of the
aforementioned databases. The Publisher remains responsible for the data and metadata thus
published and distributed. Specifically, the Publisher guarantees that the data and metadata
communicated for the aforementioned purposes do not harm or affect the rights of third parties
and can be lawfully made public. The Publisher therefore undertakes to indemnify SL from any
liability for claims made by third parties due to or in connection with abuses of third party rights
or laws deriving from the publication and distribution of the code and data involved.


4. PRINT FORMAT.
4.1. PRINT ON DEMAND. With reference to the works in its digital catalogue uploaded on StreetLib,
the Publisher can:
    i) purchase in “print on demand” a desired print run of print copies (a print run also means a
    single copy), as described in point 10 below;
    ii) activate “print-on-demand” marketing within the Amazon circuit, as described in point 9.1.
    below.
    iii) activate “print-on-demand” marketing within the proprietary SL Store channels
    https://store.streetlib.com/ and Totem https://totembooks.io/, i.e. SL's e-commerce space


                                                                                     Pagina 6 di 21
    for direct purchase by bookshops), as described in point 9.2. below.
4.2. “ON CONSIGNMENT”. With reference to the works in its digital catalogue uploaded on
StreetLib, the Publisher can activate nationwide (Italy) distribution in print format “on
consignment” (sale or return). This method envisages the right of return by the bookstores,
wholesalers and distributors integrated in the national distribution network offered by SL, as
detailed in point 9.3 below.
By activating the national distribution (“on consignment”), the Publisher authorises SL to accept
orders of printed copies to be put up for distribution “on consignment” mode up to a maximum
of 1000 (one thousand) copies per year. Any orders for copies exceeding the indicated limit may
be agreed upon between the Parties, on a case by case basis, at the sole discretion of SL. The
Publisher acknowledges and accepts SL's right of unconditional return of unsold copies of printed
copies, which may be returned to SL by bookshops, wholesalers or connected distributors.
Upon return, the Publisher agrees to pay SL the printing and shipping costs relating to the return
of unsold copies.
4.3. ACTIVATION DISTRIBUTION IN PRINT FORMAT – PRINT-READY. In order to activate the distribution in
print format, whether “print on demand” or “on consignment”, the Publisher must upload the file
in “print-ready” format in the relevant section of StreetLib. The Publisher must also assign a
unique ISBN code to the “print-ready” file, independently or via StreetLib, within the limits and
subject to the conditions set out in Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing”; the code must be
different from that of the corresponding ebook format.
With reference to the codes requested via StreetLib, the rules set out in point 3.2. above on
ebooks shall apply, with the necessary adjustments and insofar as compatible in relation to the
print format of the work.
For the activation of the distribution service in print format, whether “print on demand” or “on
consignment”, the Publisher shall pay SL a one-off sum for each work, as specified in Annex 1
“Economic terms and invoicing”.
To create the “print-ready” file, the Publisher may proceed independently, using the SL software
at the following address: https://writeapp.io/home or other layout software, or it may ask SL to
provide its professional layout service for a fee, by connecting to the following address:
https://readybooks.io/.
Uploaded the “print-ready” file, the Publisher will display the unit cost of the printing service,
which represents the minimum price of the print copy.
Once the “print-ready” file has been uploaded, the Publisher will have to enter the data,


                                                                                     Pagina 7 di 21
metadata and all the information of the work into StreetLib, thus making it available for the
distribution in print format.


5. STORAGE.
5.1. SL, through cloud services offered by third parties, allows the Publisher to upload its
catalogue in digital format, with regard to the works it uploads for marketing through StreetLib.
The Publisher acknowledges that the storage space is instrumental and connected to the use of
marketing services. Therefore, the Publisher acknowledges that, in the absence of activity on
StreetLib for a continuous period exceeding three years from the last action performed, SL will
have the right to request the return of the space in use, SL itself being able to provide for the
total or partial cancellation of the Publisher's catalogue after fifteen days from the request. With
particular regard to the storage of the digital catalogue, SL reserves the right to communicate to
the Publisher the maximum limits of free storage space available.
5.2. Storage of works offered free of charge. The Publisher may upload free works on StreetLib,
i.e. with a price assigned by the Publisher in the product file and transmitted to the retailers
equal to zero. In this case, the Publisher acknowledges and accepts the right of SL to request a
fee for each transaction carried out with reference to such works, as indicated in Annex 1
“Economic terms and invoicing”.


6. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.
SL offers to the Publisher a technical assistance service for uploading the data relating to the titles
of its digital catalogue on StreetLib. The assistance is provided by SL staff by email and is
instrumental and connected to provide the marketing services.
The technical assistance service also includes all the technical activities that SL carries out so that
the services are effectively provided, such as in particular the electronic file transmission activity.


7. REPORTING AND INVOICING.
SL makes available to the Publisher, through the platform, the reporting service that allows it to
view the revenues deriving from the sale of the works through each of the marketing channels
that can be activated on the platform. The service also allows the management of the invoicing of
marketing revenues. The reports and the consequent invoicing services are instrumental and
connected to the marketing and remain available to the Publisher for a period of five years


                                                                                       Pagina 8 di 21
 starting from the availability of each of the mentioned reports within StreetLib.

8. PUBLISHER’S REVENUES ON DIGITAL RETAILER BOOKSTORES CHANNEL.
 8.1. DIGITAL BOOKSTORES. For works marketed through digital bookstores connected to StreetLib, the
 Publisher will receive revenues from sales according to the revenue-sharing model applied by
 each individual digital bookstore, net of amounts due to SL for marketing activities, as specified in
 the following point 8.2. The commissions and costs to be recognized by the Publisher to digital
 bookstores will be those established by the digital bookstores themselves, according to the
 business and revenue-sharing model each has adopted. The terms and conditions applied by the
 digital bookstores to which SL is connected are available at the following address:
 https://www.streetlib.com/book-stores, and it is the Publisher's responsibility to become aware
 of them by accessing the respective web pages of various digital bookstores directly. The
 Publisher acknowledges being aware that digital bookstores may change their business and
 revenue-sharing models over time, depending on their commercial policies. Nevertheless, the
 Publisher retains the option, through the platform, to exclude the marketing of their works by
 one or more digital bookstores.
 8.2. The amounts due to SL are calculated in such a way as to ensure that the Publisher receives
 revenue equal to 70% of the turnover generated by SL, net of VAT, towards the digital bookstore,
 as indicated in Annex 1 "Economic terms and invoicing".
 8.3. Returns. In the event that the end user returns a digital work purchased through one of the
 online bookstores connected to SL, SL shall deduct the amount relating to the return from the
 sum due to the Publisher, retaining its commission.
 8.4. Reporting free of charge works. The remuneration due to SL for any works offered by the
 Publisher free of charge will be subtracted from the Publisher's revenues generated from sales, as
 defined in Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing”.

9. PUBLISHER’S REVENUES FOR DISTRIBUTION IN PRINT FORMAT.
 9.1 AMAZON. For the marketing in “print on demand” of the works in its digital catalogue through
 the Amazon circuit, the Publisher shall receive, for each copy sold, the revenues to be calculated
 on the cover price of the work established by the Publisher itself (cover price), as set forth in
 Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing”.
 9.2. SL PROPRIETARY CHANNEL. For the marketing in “print on demand” of the works in its digital



                                                                                      Pagina 9 di 21
 catalogue to the SL Store and Totem (SL's e-commerce space for the purchase by bookshops), the
 Publisher shall receive, for each copy sold, the revenues to be calculated on the cover price of the
 work established by the Publisher itself (cover price), as set forth in Annex 1 “Economic terms
 and invoicing”.
 9.3. NATIONAL DISTRIBUTION (PHYSICAL AND ONLINE BOOKSTORES, WHOLESALERS). If the printing and distribution
 of the works in the Publisher's digital catalogue takes place “on consignment” to national
 (Italian-based) physical or online bookstores, including wholesalers, and therefore outside the
 cases referred to in points 9.1 and 9.2 above, the Publisher authorises SL to accept orders for
 printed copies to be distributed “on consignment” in accordance with the provisions set out in
 point 4.2 above. For each copy sold, the Publisher shall receive the revenues due to the Publisher
 itself on the cover price, as indicated in Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing”.
 9.3.1. Right of return. The Publisher accepts the unconditional right of SL to return to the
 Publisher any unsold printed copies that the aforementioned bookstores and/or wholesalers
 decide to return to SL.
 The printing and shipping costs for the return of the copies returned as unsold shall be charged to
 the Publisher.
 For each copy returned, SL shall charge the Publisher the printing and shipping costs incurred, by
 means of a dedicated statement, as described in Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing”.
 9.4. ACTIVATION COST AND OFFSETTING. For each work enabled for distribution in print format, whether
 in “print on demand” or “on consignment”, SL shall charge a service activation fee as indicated in
 Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing” and may offset all the amounts due to it by the
 Publisher against the Publisher's overall revenues generated by this Contract and resulting from
 the reports available on StreetLib and from the register of the invoices issued by SL to the
 different channels provided for in the Contract and enabled by the Publisher.

10. “PRINT RUN ON DEMAND”– COSTS.
 10.1. “PRINT RUN ON DEMAND”. For the purchase by the Publisher of a desired print run of print copies
 of the work uploaded on StreetLib in “print-ready” format, and subsequent shipment of the
 copies to the address indicated by the Publisher, SL shall be entitled, for each printed copy, to a
 fee determined in accordance with Annex 1 “Economic terms and invoicing”, to be paid at the
 time of purchase.




                                                                                         Pagina 10 di 21
11. PUBLISHER’S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ON CONTENTS - OBLIGATIONS TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD
HARMLESS.
 11.1. The Publisher has exclusive liability with regard to intellectual property rights, ownership
 rights in and to the copyrights and all other exploitation rights regarding the works and any
 content uploaded and marketed by the Publisher through StreetLib. The Publisher represents,
 declares and guarantees SL that the publication, distribution, communication, marketing of the
 works, in compliance with this Contract, do not violate the intellectual property rights of any third
 party. In relation to the mentioned works, their cover and all their content, including graphics,
 photographs, videos or sounds, the Publisher represents SL and warrants that it has, and will
 maintain throughout the term of this Contract, the ownership rights in and to the copyright, and
 all other intellectual property rights, rights, faculties and interests into the content, including, for
 example, the publication, reproduction, distribution, communication, streaming, transmission
 and rental rights for the work and its contents, in Italy and abroad, as well as all the secondary
 and related rights, for which the Publisher remains responsible for providing, within the work
 itself, every indication and warning with regard to the licenses it will release in order to protect its
 own interests and rights. The Publisher shall, at first demand, indemnify and hold SL, its directors,
 employees, affiliates, collaborators, harmless from and against any claim of third parties for any
 reason advanced, arises from any breach of the Publisher’s representations or warranties set
 forth herein. The indemnity due shall cover any economic, reputational damage and any damage
 to the image, including damage or other payments to third parties, internal costs and legal costs,
 fines or penalties, whether resulting from the breach or not of the guarantees and declarations
 given hereby.
 11.2. The Publisher declares and guarantees SL that the works in its digital catalogue, the covers
 and all their contents shall not be illegal, shall not be spam, and shall not contain material, data
 and/or information that is unlawful or contrary to the contractual terms and conditions required
 by the digital libraries, or content that is contrary to public decency and/or public order, or
 content that is contrary to the laws on the protection of personal data, or content that is contrary
 to the laws on pornography, content on child pornography and/or in any case content that is
 obscene, defamatory, abusive, or content of a discriminatory or offensive type in relation to
 religions, races, gender, nationality or ethnicity and, more generally, offensive content for third
 parties. The Publisher shall, at first demand, indemnify and hold SL, its directors, employees,
 affiliates, collaborators, harmless from and against any claim of third parties for any reason
 advanced, arises from any breach of the Publisher’s representations or warranties set forth


                                                                                        Pagina 11 di 21
herein. The indemnity due shall cover any economic, reputational damage and any damage to the
image, including damage or other payments to third parties, internal costs and legal costs, fines
or penalties.
11.3. The Publisher declares and guarantees SL that the works in its digital catalogue, the covers
and all their contents shall not be contrary to the SL Content Policy mentioned in the Preamble to
the Contract and available at https://www.streetlib.com/it/legalpolicy.
11.4. SL shall inform the Publisher if it becomes aware, as a result of a report by a public
authority or following objections or claims by third parties, of the possible illegality of the works
uploaded by the Publisher and/or of their marketing, or in any case of the breach of the
declarations and warranties issued by the Publisher pursuant to points 11.1, 11.2 and 11.3. In this
case, the Publisher undertakes to immediately suspend the use of StreetLib for the marketing of
its works, as a precautionary measure and until the final clarification of the disputes, without
prejudice to the provisions in terms of guarantee, liability and indemnity on the part of the
Publisher; failing this, the Publisher hereby authorises SL to suspend any form of marketing on its
own initiative. The Publisher is obliged to provide SL with all cooperation aimed at the promptest
clarification, also with regard to third party complainants and/or public authorities, with regard to
the disputes that have arisen, it being understood that SL shall be entitled, at its own discretion,
to provide the aforementioned parties with all the information and data relating to the marketing
of the disputed works. In the event that SL has received the mentioned disputes or claims from
third parties and/or a public authority, SL shall also be entitled to suspend all payments relating
to the disputed works and may withhold, as security for the fulfilment of the Publisher's
indemnity commitments pursuant to points 11.1., 11.2 and 11.3, until the final settlement of the
disputes, any other amount that may be due to the Publisher for any reason or in any case held
by SL on behalf of the Publisher, within the limits of an overall amount equal to the overall value
of the revenues earned through StreetLib through the marketing of all the Publisher's digital
contents.
11.5. The Parties reciprocally acknowledge that this Contract, except for that expressly provided
for by it and needed for its execution, does not provide for nor imply any transfer or license of
the intellectual property rights regarding the Publisher’s works and the copyrights or industrial
property of the Publisher and SL respectively. If, in the supply of the services, the Publisher’s
works or other digital content uploaded by the Publisher on the platform should bear the SL’s
logo or brand or trademarks or other brands or distinctive marks owned by or at the disposal of
SL itself, these references must not be understood as implicit license to use them. Commercial


                                                                                    Pagina 12 di 21
  data, data and metadata, generated by the marketing and any processing of the same arising out
  the marketing through StreetLib, are a property of, and in the disposal of, SL. The Publisher
  acknowledge that the technology, software, digital contents, logos, trademarks, brands
  copyrights and generally all the intellectual and industrial property rights held by SL are not
  transferred through this Contract.
  11.6. The Publisher will take care and remains solely responsible for the fulfilment of any legal
  requirements regarding the publication and sale of ebooks, audiobooks and print copies, for
  which the Publisher is fully and exclusively liable, therein including the obligations of legal deposit
  and any connected tax obligations.

12. TERM AND WITHDRAWAL. CHANGES TO THE CONTRACT.
  12.1. The Contract is open-ended, with the option for either Party to terminate it by giving
  communication via email, with a thirty-day notice period from the effective date of termination.
  In any case, if either Party is involved in a business crisis procedure, the other Party has the right
  to immediately terminate the Contract by notifying the other Party via email. For
  communications between the Parties, the provisions of the following point 17.2 apply.
  12.2. It is understood between the Parties that in any case of termination of the Contract,
  including instances of termination or resolution, the Parties themselves will remain obligated to
  do everything possible for the subsequent termination or cancellation of relationships with digital
  bookstores for the marketing of the Publisher's ebooks and audiobooks. This is subject to the
  constraints and termination provisions established by SL in its relationships with the
  aforementioned entities. Following termination, SL has the right to deactivate the Publisher's
  registration account.
  12.3. During the Contract, the Publisher may deactivate, through the platform, the marketing of
  one or more works previously uploaded to StreetLib. In such a case, SL will act to withdraw those
  works from the market, respecting the conditions and terms established by the digital bookstores
  where they are in circulation. The withdrawal of one or more works by the Publisher does not
  exempt them from payment for services already rendered, just as SL's termination does not
  exempt it from performing services for which it has already received payment.
  12.4. SL has the right to modify the Contract at any time, including Annex 1 "Economic terms and
  invoicing". The amendments will be communicated by SL to the Publisher at the email address
  registered in the StreetLib account, and they will take effect on the specified effective date, not
  less than thirty days from the sending of the relevant informative communication. SL will make


                                                                                        Pagina 13 di 21
  the modified Contract, with the effective date of the respective change clearly indicated,
  available through the platform accessible from the Publisher's account. The Publisher who wishes
  to continue using the services offered by SL, need not take any action. However, a Publisher who
  does not wish to continue the relationship with SL under the new conditions and terms, may
  terminate the Contract by removing the content uploaded to StreetLib and deactivating its
  account before the modification becomes effective. Any additional time required for the
  disconnection of the service by digital and/or physical and/or online bookstores and
  intermediaries connected with StreetLib is expressly reserved.

13. TERMINATION. SUSPENSION OF SERVICES.
 13.1. In the event of a breach of obligations arising from the Contract, the Party alleging such
 breach may declare the termination of the Contract if the defaulting Party has not remedied the
 violation within thirty days of receiving the notice of the breach from the other Party. SL has the
 right to immediately suspend the execution of some or all of its services, in cases where the
 Publisher violates the law and/or the commitments, statements, or warranties specified in the
 above point 11, as well as in the event that SL receives reports from third party or public
 authorities of the Publisher's improper use of services provided by SL through the platform, as well
 as in case of the Publisher's breach of obligations as outlined in the above point 2.2.f).

14. PERMANENCE OF THE END-USERS ACQUIRED RIGHTS.
  It is understood between the Parties that in the event of channel deactivation, withdrawal from
  the marketing of one or more works, as well as after the expiration of the Contract or in any case
  of termination or early termination thereof, even beyond the terms of its duration, the rights of
  end-users who have lawfully acquired rights or licenses related to the aforementioned works
  during the period in which the Contract was executed are preserved.
  Therefore, the Publisher authorizes SL to retain and transmit over the internet a copy of the work
  even after termination and beyond the duration of the Contract, ensuring the exercise of related
  rights, such as downloading and streaming by end-users who have acquired such rights before
  the termination of the Contract or to provide them post-sales services. The Publisher grants
  similar rights to digital, online or physical bookstores and intermediaries through which, during
  the validity of the Contract, the marketing of the aforementioned works has taken place.

15. MAINTENANCE AND UPDATE OF THE PLATFORM AND IT SYSTEMS.

                                                                                     Pagina 14 di 21
  15.1. The Publisher acknowledges that, during the supply of services, there can be temporary
  disabling of StreetLib due to major force, technical causes, maintenance, software updates,
  replacement of hardware, instability or disconnection of the internet connections with the
  Publisher’s devices and/or with the digital bookstores, including those which are owned by the
  same SL. It remains understood that there can be temporary inefficiencies, disabling, delays or
  malfunctioning regarding the connection of StreetLib with one or more digital bookstores,
  including those of SL itself, due to delays in internet services or malfunctioning of third parties,
  such as, for example, cloud services which SL buys from third parties for the storage of the
  ebooks and audiobooks.
  15.2. SL shall not be responsible for any delays or breaches in this Contract caused by any fact or
  circumstances beyond its control.
  15.3. StreetLib will undergo evolutions during this Contract, including adapting to changes in
  technical security measures, technological conditions, and market conditions. The Publisher,
  therefore, undertakes to stay informed about innovations, integrations, technical modifications,
  and technological developments by periodically accessing the platform, even independently of
  the actual use of the services.

16. OBLIGATIONS OF GOOD FAITH IN THE INTERPRETATION AND EXECUTION OF THE CONTRACT - INTEGRATION
OF THE CONTRACT.
  According to the innovative nature of the services covered by this Contract, the Parties
  reciprocally acknowledge that during the term of the Contract itself the Parties shall endeavour,
  in good faith and with the obligation to safeguard mutual interests related to its execution, to
  produce any reasonable interpretation and integration of it which may be requested by technical
  reasons, legislative innovations, novelties in the application procedures of tax obligations, etc.

17. CONCLUSION OF THE CONTRACT, COSTS E COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
  17.1. For acceptance of the Contract, the Publisher, after having created his own account for the
  use of the platform, shall flag the relevant items within StreetLib which allow to view and accept
  these Conditions and Terms for the offer of services by SL. The acceptance extends to Annex 1
  "Economic terms and Invoicing".
  17.2. Throughout the duration of the Contract, the Publisher undertakes to provide SL with its
  data, accurately and completely, as well as any changes to the same, necessary for invoicing or
  any other tax or contractual obligation. In particular, the Publisher commits to communicating to


                                                                                     Pagina 15 di 21
  SL, already during the registration for the activation of the StreetLib account, and for the
  purposes of this Contract, an email address that is kept active, valid, and functional under the
  responsibility of the Publisher. This is to receive and regularly review SL's communications related
  to the Contract, including those containing changes to the Contract as indicated in the above
  point 12.4, as well as communications related to technical measures for service usage and
  security. In the absence of communication of the change of the registration email, as well as SL's
  email indicated in the Contract header, communications between the Parties to the respective
  original registration email and the one indicated for SL in the header of the Contract are
  considered effectively occurred between the Parties.

18. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.
  The Contract is governed by Italian law, and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian
  Judicial Authority. Any dispute that may arise between the Parties under the Contract will be
  subject to the exclusive territorial jurisdiction of the Court of Milan, Italy.

                                                ***
  SL declares that all data exchanged and related to the execution of the Contract will be processed
  in compliance with the current regulations and in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR
  (EU Regulation 2016/679) and Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, as amended by Legislative Decree
  no. 101/2018.
  By entering into this Contract, the Publisher declares to process the exchanged data related to
  the execution of the Contract in compliance with the provisions of the GDPR (EU Regulation
  2016/679) and Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, as amended by Legislative Decree no. 101/2018.
  In particular, as the author and/or data controller of the personal data of the authors, the
  Publisher also undertakes to respect, in that capacity, every applicable legal obligation under the
  aforementioned regulations.
                                                 ***

  A copy of this document will be stored in your account on StreetLib.




                                                                                     Pagina 16 di 21
                                      ANNEX 1
                            ECONOMIC TERMS AND INVOICING

DIGITAL BOOKSTORES CHANNEL

In connection with point 8 of the Contract “PUBLISHER’S REVENUES ON DIGITAL RETAILER
BOOKSTORES CHANNEL”, the economic terms (excluding VAT) are indicated in the
following table.

                                 Table A. DIGITAL BOOKSTORES
                                          Retailer
                      ebook                                    audiobook
      1) No activation price                     1) No activation price
      2) Publisher’s revenues: 70% of the        2) Publisher’s revenues: 70% of the
      turnover, net of VAT, made by SL towards   turnover, net of VAT, made by SL towards
      the digital bookshop (according to the     the digital bookshop (according to the
      business and revenue-sharing model         business and revenue-sharing model
      applied by each bookstore)                 applied by each bookstore)




In case of opting for DRM protection of the file through third-party technology (Adobe), SL
will apply a cost of € 0,25 per sales transaction to the Publisher.

FREE OF CHARGE WORKS (EBOOK and AUDIOBOOK)

For each ebook or audiobook uploaded on the platform and distributed to the retailers free
of charge (zero price) a commission in favour of SL of 0.10 € for each ebook download and
0.20 € for each audiobook, made by the end users on each retailer, will be applied.
The number of downloads generated will be made available within the reporting service
referred to in point 7 of the Contract, and the total costs thus calculated will be deducted
from the amounts due to the Publisher on the basis of the quarterly report and relative
invoice, as described in the following paragraph.



                                                                                        Pagina 17 di 21
INVOICING

The Publisher may invoice to SL at quarterly intervals; in particular, it will issue an invoice to
StreetLib Srl, based on the information provided from time to time in the user area of the
StreetLib billing service, for an amount equal to the amount of the revenues due to the
Publisher itself, less the fees due to SL, as indicated above in Table A and for DRM
protection if applicable.

RETURNS OF DIGITAL WORKS

SL will add negative lines within the analytical billing report if digital returns have been
reported by the end user of one of the SL-integrated bookstores.

PAYMENTS

SL will make the payment within 60 days from the end of the month in which the invoice
issued by the Publisher is received. Payment to the Publisher by SL will be made by bank
transfer if the amount of the invoices exceeds € 200,00, or with the other payment
methods highlighted on the platform on the following page: https://streetlib.co/payment-it .




                                                                                  Pagina 18 di 21
DISTRIBUTION IN PRINT FORMAT

In connection with points 9.1 (“Amazon”), 9.2 (“Proprietary Channels SL”) and 9.3 (“National
Distribution”) of the Contract, the economic conditions (excluding VAT) are set out in the
table below.
                         Table B. DISTRIBUTION IN PRINT FORMAT
        1) Activation price equal to 49€ per work (one-off, only in the event of activation of the
        service by the Publisher, upon upload of the work)
                                         2) Publisher’s revenues
 Amazon (Print on demand)               SL Proprietary Channels     National Distribution (on
                                        (Print on demand)                consignment)

 35% on cover price minus             50% on cover price minus     a) printed copies sold to
 variable printing costs              variable printing costs      the end user: the
 depending on the features            depending on the features    Publisher's revenue is
 of the work (*)                      of the work (*)              40% of the cover price,
                                                                   minus the variable printing
                                                                   cost based on the features
                                                                   of the work (*);

                                                                   b) printed copies returned:
                                                                   the Publisher pays the
                                                                   printing costs (*) and
                                                                   shipping costs (**) relating
                                                                   to the return of unsold
                                                                   printed copies.
                                                                   SL may offset the amount
                                                                   due against other
                                                                   revenues of the Publisher
                                                                   for any reason made
                                                                   through StreetLib.



(*) The fee due for the printing service is variable in relation to the features of the
"print-ready" file and is displayed to the Publisher when the file is uploaded to the platform.
To get the printing done, SL turns to printing house partners selected by SL itself. Once the



                                                                                  Pagina 19 di 21
distribution in print format is activated, printing costs remain subject to possible
fluctuations over time. SL undertakes to promptly notify the Publisher of any increase that
is equal to or greater than 15% of the cost displayed to the Publisher at the time of setting
the file as "print-ready".

(**) The cost of shipping is variable depending on the weight, size and destination of the
printed copies being returned.

PAYMENT AND INVOICING

The Publisher may invoice to SL at quarterly intervals; in particular, it will issue an invoice to
StreetLib Srl, based on the information provided from time to time in the user area of the
StreetLib billing service, for an amount equal to the amount of the revenues due to the
Publisher itself, less the amount due to SL according to as indicated above in Table B.
SL will make the payment within 60 days from the end of the month in which the invoice
issued by the Publisher is received. Payment to the Publisher by SL will be made by bank
transfer if the amount of the invoices exceeds € 200,00, or with the other payment
methods highlighted on the platform on the following page: https://streetlib.co/payment-it .
The one-off price for the distribution in print format will be immediately due by the
Publisher to SL, only in case of activation of the service, upon uploading the “print-ready”
file, and for it SL will issue the corresponding invoice.
In the case of distribution “on consignment”, the cost of printing and transporting unsold
and returned copies will be deducted from the next payment.

“PRINT RUN ON DEMAND” SERVICE

In connection with point 10 of the Contract “PRINT RUN ON DEMAND - COSTS”, the
economic conditions (excluding VAT) are set out in the table below.

                                    Table C. “PRINT RUN ON DEMAND”
 ​                  ​                SL’s unitary compensation
 1) activation price: € 49 (one-off price, only in case of activation of the service by the Publisher, when
 uploading the work)
 2) variable price for printing service (*)
 3) shipping costs (**)


(*) The fee due for the printing service is variable in relation to the features of the



                                                                                          Pagina 20 di 21
"print-ready" file and is displayed to the Publisher when the file is uploaded to the platform.
To get the printing done, SL turns to printing house partners selected by SL itself. Once the
distribution in print format is activated, printing costs remain subject to possible
fluctuations over time. SL undertakes to promptly notify the Publisher of any increase that
is equal to or greater than 15% of the cost displayed to the Publisher at the time of setting
the file as "print-ready".

(**) The shipping cost is variable depending on the weight, size and destination of the print
run and is shown to the Publisher at the time of ordering.

PAYMENTS AND INVOICING

The one-off price for the service activation will be immediately due by the Publisher to SL
upon uploading the “print-ready” file. The payment of the runs will be due at the time of
their purchase. SL will invoice the Publisher at the time payments are due.



ISBN VIA STREETLIB

  ●​ The Publisher can use up to 5 ISBNs per day and 100 in total: free of charge within
     the platform, when creating the work's product sheet (one ISBN code per work);
  ●​ beyond these limits: only possible upon written request to SL [redacted:email]@streetlib.com,
     which will discretionally assess, on a case-by-case basis, the possibility and manner
     of fulfilling the request.

Works in breach of the Content Policy set out in the Preamble and point 11.3 of the Contract
shall always be excluded from the above.




                                                                               Pagina 21 di 21
