Cross-border payouts | Stripe Documentation

Skip to content

Cross-border payouts

Create account or Sign in

Search

/ Ask AI
Create account Sign in

Get started

Payments

Revenue

Data

Platforms and marketplaces

Money management

Developer resources

APIs & SDKs Help

Overview Get started with Connect

Design your integration

Integration fundamentals

Example integrations

Account management
Onboard connected accounts

Configure account Dashboards

Capabilities and information requirements

Work with connected account types

Payment processing
Accept payments

Pay out to accounts Payouts to connected accounts
Manage payout accounts for connected accounts
Manage payout schedule
Manual payouts
Payout reversals
Payout statement descriptors
Instant Payouts
Multiprocessor payouts for marketplaces
Cross-border payouts
Stablecoin payouts
Customized start of day

Platform administration
Manage your Connect platform

Tax forms for your Connect platform

Embedded finance
Treasury for platforms

Issuing

Capital for platforms

Managed support

United States
English (United States)

Home /
Platforms and marketplaces /
Pay out to accounts

Cross-border payouts
Transfer and pay out funds to connected accounts in other countries.

Ask about this page
Copy for LLM
View as Markdown Install tools

Use cross-border payouts to transfer funds to connected accounts in their local currencies when your platform and connected accounts are in different supported regions.
Availability
Platforms based in the US, UK, EEA, Canada, or Switzerland can transfer funds to connected accounts in any of those regions, regardless of the payment settlement currency. For example:
A platform in the UK can pay out to a seller in the US.
A platform in Germany can pay out to a seller in Canada.

Stripe doesn’t support self-serve cross-border payouts to countries outside the listed regions. Contact sales to discuss alternatives, or use Global Payouts.
Compare integrations
Global Payouts allows platforms in certain countries to transfer funds to recipients in any supported country . Use the following table to choose between cross-border payouts and Global Payouts.
Factor
Connect cross-border payouts
Global Payouts

Behavior
Onboard users to your platform and split payments or pay out balances to them.
Send money directly to the bank account of a third party.

Platform location
US, UK, EEA, CA, and CH
US, UK

Best for
Businesses that: Prefer a bundled solution for payments and payouts.
Want to provide payee tools to track and manage earnings.

Businesses that: Want to decouple payouts from payments.
Want to pay out using only the recipient email address.

Compliance
Shift legal and compliance requirements to Stripe using the Stripe Money Transmitter license.
Manage your own legal and compliance requirements. This might require a Money Transmitter license if you manage your customers’ funds.

Use cases
Marketplaces that exclusively use Stripe as their payments processor
Global financial services and insurance platforms
Franchises

Insurance claims payouts
Fintech salary advances and disbursements
Rebate, warranty, and rewards payouts
Affiliate payouts
Marketplaces that use multiple payment processors, decouple payments from payouts, or require funds segregation

Guidance
This guide
Global payouts

Pricing
Cross-border payout fees depend on the location of the recipient. See Connect payout pricing .
Limitations
Service agreement : You can’t make cross-border payouts to connected accounts under a recipient service agreement . For those accounts, use Global payouts .
Supported funds flows : Cross border payments supports the following funds flows Separate charges and transfers without on _ behalf _ of
Top-ups and transfers
Destination charges without on _ behalf _ of

See also
Required verification information
Supported settlement currencies
Bank account formats

Was this page helpful? Yes No

Need help? Contact Support .
Chat with Stripe developers on Discord .
Check out our changelog .
Questions? Contact Sales .
LLM? Read llms.txt .
Powered by Markdoc

On this page
