TERMS OF USE

Effective [June 24, 2026] (“Effective Date”)

The terms of use (“Terms”) contained herein govern access to and use of the website,
applications, social media platforms and other services (“Services”) provided by Superteam
Earn (“Superteam Earn”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Platform Provider”) or any platform affiliated with
Superteam Earn including but not limited to the Website, X.com, (collectively referred to as the
“Platforms”). Superteam Earn is operated by The Invisible Fork Pte. Ltd., a private limited
company incorporated in Singapore.


These terms are binding on the Users of Superteam Earn (“you”, “your”, “User(s)”) which
includes any person or entity who accesses, registers, downloads, browses, or uses in any
form, general or specific, the Services provided by Superteam Earn, through its Platforms.

These Terms are in addition to, and do not nullify, any other agreement between you and us or
you and the Partner (as defined below) or any other applicable terms and conditions found on
the Services.

The User acknowledges and agrees that the User has read the Terms carefully, understands its
meaning and intent, and is aware and accepting of all the Terms contained herein and the
Superteam Earn Privacy Policy before using the Platforms.

If the User does not agree to the Terms or perform any/all obligations accepted under the
Terms, then the User may not access or use the Services or the Platforms of Superteam Earn.

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1. “Action” means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry,
audit, examination, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena, or
investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise, whether at law
or in equity.

1.2. “Affiliate(s)” means any person or entity directly or indirectly, employed or engaged on a
contractual basis, or in any other similar way related to Superteam Earn.

1.3. "Applicable Law(s)" means any and all applicable substantive and procedural laws,
including but not limited to, the State of Singapore and other relevant laws applicable to the
User(s).

 1.4. “Bounties” refer to short-term tasks offered by Partners that include an attached reward for
select submissions;
1.5. ““DApp(s)” means decentralized applications.

1.6. “Digital Asset” shall include but are not limited to crypto assets, non-fungible tokens
(“NFT(s)”), and/or other similar digital assets held or received by the User.

1.7. “Gas Fee” is the pricing mechanism employed on a blockchain to compensate for the
computing energy allocated to process a transaction or transfer of assets.

1.8. “Grants” refer to equity-free grants offered by Partners to support relevant Users and their
works;

1.9. “Jobs” refer to as salaried tasks offered by Partners to Users to engage them on a
part-time/full-time basis, for relevant services.

1.10. “Partner” shall refer to organizations involved in offering Projects in the form of Bounties,
“Grants” and “Jobs”, or any other form of work opportunities, to the Users;

1.11. “Projects” shall refer to “Bounties”, “Grants”, and “Jobs” or any other engagements with the
Partners.

1.12. “Superteam Earn Account” means the login account of the User created with Superteam
Earn for the use of its Services.

1.13. “Service Provider” may refer to a User who may provide services upon being engaged in
any Project by a Partner for the consideration of a Bounty/Job/Grant.

1.14. “User”, may refer to “Service Provider”, “Visitor”, and “Partner” or any other person
(individual or otherwise) who engages with and participates in Community activities and in
Superteam Forums;

1.15. “Visitor” shall include lurkers, visitors and/or readers who inter-alia browse, read and/or
watch content provided by the Superteam Earn and/ or engage with the Superteam Earn
Projects;

2. SCOPE

2.1. Superteam Earn is an exempt private company limited by shares duly organized and
existing under the laws of Singapore, with a registered office at The Invisible Fork Pte. Ltd., 3
FRASER STREET, #4-23A DUO TOWER, Singapore - 189352.

2.2. Superteam Earn aggregates different work opportunities by Partners, for users looking for
opportunities to provide their services in the form of “Jobs”, “Grants”, or “Bounties”. The Platform
connects users for short-term/long-term Projects, and the consideration for each Project shall be
determined by the Partners.
2.3. Superteam Earn acts as a platform provider, wherein the Partners enlist the scope of work
for a particular Project. The Service Providers are engaged by the Partners for the execution of
a Project. Superteam Earn shall have no liability pertaining to any dispute, non-payment/
non-delivery of service between the Partner and the Service Provider. If any Service Provider is
engaged in any full-time job by a Partner, the liability of payment of salary/employee rights as
per Applicable Law lies with the Partner, engaging the Service Provider. Superteam Earn acts
as a mere platform provider, and thus there exists no liability that shall be imposed upon the
Superteam Earn for adherence to employment/labour or contract laws.

3. USER ELIGIBILITY

3.1. The User accessing the Superteam Earn’s Platforms’ hereby represents and warrants that
the User has completed the age of majority in their jurisdiction or eighteen (18) years of age and
is competent to enter into the terms, conditions, and obligations set forth under these Terms.

3.2. The User further represents and warrants that if the User is between the ages of Fourteen
(14) and eighteen (18), the User’s parents or legal guardian have provided consent for the User
to agree to these Terms. All risks related to the usage by the minors aged fourteen (14) to
eighteen(18) shall be assumed by the parent or legal guardian.

3.3. Any User below the age of fourteen (14) is not permitted to engage with Superteam Earn.

3.4. The User accessing the Superteam Earn’s Platforms’ hereby represents and warrants that
the User is not currently the subject of or subject to any kind of economic sanctions, including
but not limited to, the United Nations Security Council Sanctions List, the list of Specially
Designated National and Blocked Person maintained by the United States Treasury
Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), The Denied Persons List maintained by
United States Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) or any similar
list maintained by any other relevant sanctions authority.

3.5. The User shall not be eligible for using the Services if the User is located in, or is a citizen
or resident of any state, country, territory, or other jurisdiction where the use of the Services
would be illegal or otherwise violate any Applicable Laws.

3.6. The User may be required to create an account to use the Services provided by Superteam
Earn. The User shall not make any username that breaches the User Code of Conduct under
these Terms while choosing their username.

4. BASIC USE REQUIREMENTS

4.1. The User shall require a compatible mobile phone, internet, or any other supported devices
("Devices") and enabling facilities that meet certain system and compatibility requirements,
which may change from time to time, to use the Services.
4.2. The User’s ability to use Superteam Earn and the performance of Superteam Earn Services
may be affected by these factors. The User agrees that the User is solely responsible for such
requirements, including any applicable charges, updates, fees, and all other terms provided
under the User’s agreement with their Devices and/or telecommunications provider. Superteam
Earn shall not be responsible for any lapse of security or failed transactions due to internet
issues or issues with the Device(s).

5. PAYMENTS AND FEES

5.1. Superteam Earn may charge a fee for the Services made available to the User. Superteam
Earn reserves the right to change the amount of such fee at any time at their sole and absolute
discretion.

5.2. While the Projects are listed by the Partner on the Platform, Superteam Earn may provide a
smart contract tool that may be used as an escrow account by the Partner in order for
Superteam Earn to verify the ‘proof of funds’.

6. TRANSACTIONS

6.1. Any payments to be made between the Partner and the Service Provider may be made in
fiat currency, or with cryptocurrency or Digital Tokens as may be agreed upon privately between
the Partner and Service Provider. The User acknowledges and takes responsibility for the risks
inherently involved in using cryptocurrency or Digital Tokens.

6.2. Payments and the associate terms thereof shall be governed by a private contract between
the Partner and Service providers. No third party, including but not limited to Superteam Earn,
shall be made liable or impleaded in any disputes arising therefrom. The Users shall conduct
their own research with respect to the terms of their payment from the Partner.

6.3. The Users acknowledge and agree that Partner is solely responsible for the use of any
smart contract tools that may be provided by Superteam Earn. Superteam Earn is not
responsible for the functioning and results arising out of the use of such tools by the Partner.

6.4. The funds shall be released from the smart contract for a particular project upon the
concerned Partner’s authorization in accordance with this Agreement and the applicable
instructions or as required by law.

6.5. In the absence of specific terms to the contrary, no taxes shall be withheld from any
Payments, and recipients of such payments shall be individually and fully liable to deposit tax
based on the local laws applicable to them.

6.6. The User acknowledges that Digital Asset transactions are confirmed and recorded in the
Digital Asset’s associated blockchain. Such networks may be decentralized, peer-to-peer
networks supported by independent third parties and the success of such transactions cannot
be guaranteed by Superteam Earn. After such transactions are initiated by the User, Superteam
Earn cannot cancel or otherwise modify User transactions.

6.7. Any transfer in relation to Digital Assets occurs on the relevant blockchain network and not
on a network owned by Superteam Earn. Therefore, a guarantee of transfer of title or right in
any Digital Asset cannot be provided by Superteam Earn.

7. TRANSACTION FEE

7.1. There may be a requirement of a ‘transaction fee’ or Gas fees associated with Digital Asset
transactions while engaging with third-party networks. The User must ensure that the User has
an adequate amount of such fee, to complete transactions.

7.2. The User acknowledges and agrees that Superteam Earn shall not be liable for any losses
or failed transactions incurred by the User due to inadequate Gas fees or translation fees
required for the completion of such transactions.

8. USER CODE OF CONDUCT

8.1. Obligations and Prohibited Actions:

8.1.1. The User shall not use any material that is false, offensive, harmful, obscene or
pornographic, hateful, defamatory, libellous, derogatory, abusive, threatening, or in any other
way illegal or infringing upon the legal rights of others, in violation of this clause.

8.1.2. The User shall not impersonate any other natural or legal person, use their identification
or contact details, create accounts in their name, or falsely state or misrepresent any
association or affiliation with such persons.

8.1.3. Users shall be civil and respectful of other Users and shall not display any deliberately
unpleasant, repetitive or irrelevant behaviour;

8.1.4. Users shall not reveal identifiable information about other Users of Superteam Earn
unless explicitly permitted by them to do so;

8.1.5. Users shall not use or solicit another party to use Superteam Forums, directly or indirectly,
for any purpose which is prohibited by their Applicable Law, rule, regulation or guideline.

8.1.6. The User shall not interfere with security-related features of the Platforms, including but
not limited to

8.1.6.1. disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit the use or copying of any
content; or
8.1.6.2. reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of any portion
of the Platforms except to the extent that the activity is expressly permitted by Applicable Law.
Any attempt at such interference shall attract a ban from the Platforms and other actions.

8.1.7. The User shall not collect, generate, or affect in any way usernames or email addresses
using bots or any other methods or sell or transfer the User profile to any person or entity.

8.1.8. The User shall not use or solicit another party to use Superteam Earn or its Platforms,
directly or indirectly, for any purpose which is prohibited by Applicable Laws, rules, regulations,
or guidelines and/or is in violation of this clause.

9. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

9.1. The User may interact with third parties in the form of, including but not limited to,
third-party DApps, blockchain-based accounts, third-party decentralized exchanges, or any
other similar manner. Superteam Earn may also integrate third-party applications like Telegram,
Twitter or Discord and/or similar apps with their Platforms for User convenience.

9.2. Superteam Earn shall not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy,
completeness, availability, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or
any other aspect of third-party materials or websites.

9.3. The use of third-party services is governed by their respective terms of service and not by
these Terms. The User bears the sole and exclusive responsibility of accepting and complying
with their respective terms of service, fees, and charges.

9.4. Superteam Earn does not warrant, endorse, or assume any responsibility for third-party
materials and shall not have any liability to the User or any other person for any third-party
services, websites, or other materials or products.

9.5. The User may incur charges or fees from third parties for the use of third-party services.
Superteam Earn receives no part of such charges and shall under no circumstances incur any
liability arising out of or relating to such third-party charges.

10. TAXES

10.1. Users shall be responsible, as required under Applicable Law, for identifying and paying all
taxes and other governmental fees, penalties, interest, and/or any other similar charges that are
imposed on the User or with respect to the transactions and payments under these Terms.
Superteam Earn shall not be responsible for any non-payment of taxes by any of the Users,
including but not limited to the engagement of Service Providers by Partners, or any other
transaction. The liability of payment of taxes would be incumbent upon the Users, as per the
relevant laws applicable to them.
10.2. Superteam Earn undertakes not to withhold any tax deduction at source under these
terms.

11. ASSUMPTION OF RISK

11.1. The User acknowledges and accepts the following -

11.1.1. The User shall assume the risks associated with transactions that rely on smart
contracts and other such experimental technologies.

11.1.2. Such transactions rely on technology that includes but is not restricted to blockchains,
cryptographic tokens generated by smart contracts, and other nascent software, applications,
and systems that interact with blockchain-based networks. These technologies are
experimental, speculative, inherently risky, and subject to change. The User is solely liable for
undertaking such risk.

11.1.3. The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, and tokens
is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially and adversely affect the
development of Superteam Earn. The User shall assume the risks associated with such
regulatory changes.

11.1.4. Superteam Earn’s Services may be subject to technological interferences due to
third-party actions, including but not limited to, downtime on any third-party platform accessed
by the User via Superteam Earn, or its Platforms; network uptime; and network interference.

12. INDEMNIFICATION

12.1. The User agrees to indemnify Superteam Earn and all its Affiliates from any claim or
demand made by any/all third parties, arising out of -

12.1.1. User’s breach of the Terms;

12.1.2. Misuse of any service provided by Superteam Earn, its smart contracts, and/or
Platforms;

12.1.3. Violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances, or orders of any
governmental or quasi-governmental authorities;

12.1.4. Violation of any rights of third parties, including but not limited to intellectual property,
confidentiality, privacy, and/or publicity;

12.1.5. Any misrepresentation of fraud on the part of the User.
12.2. Superteam Earn reserves the right to assume, at the User’s expense, the exclusive
defence in any matter subject to this clause and indemnification by the User.

12.3. The User agrees to cooperate with Superteam Earn’s defence of any claim under this
clause, and the User shall not, in any event, settle any claim, without the prior written consent of
Superteam Earn.

13. TERM AND TERMINATION

13.1. The Terms are effective from the Effective Date and shall remain in force until terminated
under this clause.

13.2. Superteam Earn reserves the right to terminate the User from using its Platforms without
prior notice or liability if the User is found to be in breach of the User Code of Conduct and/or
these Terms.

13.3. In the event of such termination, Superteam Earn shall not liable for any loss of
information, damage, or any other loss of similar nature.

13.4. The User may request the termination of their account by contacting Superteam Earn.
Upon completion of such request, the User’s right to use the Platforms ceases.

13.5. Superteam Earn reserves the right to discontinue or terminate Superteam Earn for all
Users without placing any liability on the User. In the event of such termination, not resulting out
of a violation by the User, Superteam Earn may notify the Users regarding the same.

14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

14.1. Superteam Earn or its Affiliated Parties shall not be liable under any circumstances for any
lost profits or any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages, whether based on
contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with these
Terms or otherwise even if an authorized representative of Superteam Earn has been advised
or should have known of the possibility of such damages.

14.2. Superteam Earn shall not be liable for any non-payment or non-adequacy of service
amongst the Users. Any transaction or agreement through Superteam Earn shall be treated as
a separate agreement between the Parties, with no liability attributable to Superteam Earn.

14.3. Superteam Earn only agrees to perform such duties as are expressly set forth in this
Agreement, the applicable instructions, and the other Terms of Service, and no other duties will
be implied. Superteam Earn has no liability under, and no duty to inquire as to, the provisions of
any agreement, other than the Terms of Service. Superteam Earn will be under no duty to
inquire about or investigate any agreement or communication between Partner and Service
Provider, even if listed on the Platform.
14.4. Superteam Earn has the right to rely upon, and will not be liable for relying on, any written
notice, instruction, or request furnished to us by Partner or Service Provider in accordance with
this Agreement or the applicable instructions by the Partner if Superteam Earn reasonably
believes that such notice, instruction, or request is genuine and that it is signed or presented by
the proper party or parties. Superteam Earn has no duty to inquire about or investigate the
validity, accuracy, or content of any such notice, instruction, or request.

14.5. Superteam Earn has no duty to solicit any payments or releases that may be due. We may
execute any of our powers and perform any of our duties under this Agreement and the
applicable instructions directly or through agents or attorneys (and will be liable only for the
careful selection of any such agent or attorney) and may consult with counsel, accountants, and
other skilled persons to be selected and retained by us. If Superteam Earn is uncertain as to its
duties or rights under this Agreement or instructions, claims, or demands from any party to this
Agreement that, in its opinion, has a conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement or the
Applicable Law, Superteam Earn will be entitled to refrain from taking any action.

14.6. The User understands and agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
neither Superteam Earn, its Affiliates, nor any related entities, suppliers, or licensors shall be
liable to the User for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary or other
damages of any kind, including but without limitation to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, or
other tangible or intangible losses or any other damages. This includes but is not limited to:
14.6.1. any damage, resulting from the Platforms;

14.6.2. conduct of any third party on the Platform;

14.6.3. any actions taken by Superteam Earn or failure thereof;

14.6.4. human errors or technical malfunctions;

14.6.5. any loss, damage, or injury, direct or indirect arising out of forgotten passwords,
incorrectly constructed smart contracts, server failure, malfunction, misuse of service, or
intangible losses;

14.6.6. inability to fully access the Platforms;

14.6.7. the introduction of viruses, worms, or other destructive programs or any other
commercial or economic losses;

14.6.8. any decision made or action taken by any party in reliance on Superteam Earn’s data
that is processed late or incorrectly or is incomplete or lost.

15. DISCLAIMERS -
15.1. SUPERTEAM EARN DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. SUPERTEAM
EARN AND/OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, RELATED ENTITIES, AGENTS,
REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, LICENSORS, OR ANY SUCH RELATED PARTY TO
SUPERTEAM EARN (COLLECTIVELY, “INDEMNIFIED PARTIES”) MAKE NO GUARANTEES
OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY SUPERTEAM EARN
OR BY ANY OF ITS USERS.

15.2. SUPERTEAM EARN, AND ALL INDEMNIFIED PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATED TO ANY/ALL MATERIAL, CONTENT, OR SERVICES
MADE AVAILABLE BY SUPERTEAM EARN, OR THE PLATFORMS OF SUPERTEAM EARN,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING,
USAGE, OR TRADE.

15.3. SUPERTEAM EARN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION
OF THE SERVICE, OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE
SERVICE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR
OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND DO NOT WARRANT THAT THOSE ISSUES WILL
BE CORRECTED. THE USER SHALL ASSUME ALL RISK FOR ANY AND/ALL DAMAGES
THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OR ACCESS BY THE USER TO SUPERTEAM
EARNOR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY ON SUPERTEAM EARN PLATFORMS.

15.4. THE USER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THE USER IS SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROPERTY DAMAGE (INCLUDING BUT NOT RESTRICTED TO
THE USER’S COMPUTER SYSTEM, MOBILE DEVICE, AND/OR ANY OTHER DEVICE USED
TO ACCESS SUPERTEAM EARN OR ITS PLATFORMS), OR LOSS OF DATA OR ANY KIND
OF PECUNIARY LOSS. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW.

16. FORCE MAJEURE

16.1. Superteam Earn shall not be liable for compensating inadequate performance of any
obligations set forth in these Terms, caused due to force majeure circumstances.

16.2. Force majeure circumstances include but are not limited to, acts of God, natural or
industrial disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, power supply failures, civil disorders, military
operations, equipment shutdowns, and/or other similar situations that cannot be reasonably
foreseen or prevented.

17. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
17.1. Superteam Earn retains the rights, titles, and interests in all of Superteam Earn’s
intellectual property and all content, including but not limited to, inventions, ideas, concepts,
domains, logos, trade dress, source code, discoveries, processes, marks, smart contracts,
applications, methods, software, information and data, and/or any other intellectual property
rights associated with the Platforms of Superteam Earn, whether or not patentable,
copyrightable or protectable in trademark.

17.2. Superteam Earn does not claim any right over the marks and/or intellectual properties
associated with any third parties on the Platforms and shall not attract any liability in any/all
disputes arising from any use, abuse, or infringement of such marks.

17.3. Superteam Earn welcomes feedback, comments, ideas, and/or suggestions (“Feedback”)
for improvement of the Platforms, and such Feedback may be communicated to Superteam
Earn directly. Superteam Earn shall have an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free,
sub-licensable, and transferable license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based
upon or improvements with respect to such Feedback and otherwise exploit and commercialize
the Feedback and any such derivative works and improvements in any manner and for any
purpose. Superteam Earn shall not owe compensation of any nature to the User for such
Feedback.

18. GOVERNING LAW

18.1. Use of Superteam Earn and these Terms shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Singapore without regard to conflict of law
principles.

18.2. If a lawsuit, court proceeding, or any similar Action is permitted under these Terms, the
Users and Superteam Earn agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the
state courts of Singapore for the purpose of litigating any dispute.

18.3. However, Superteam Earn retains the right to bring any appropriate Action or proceeding
against the User, in the User’s country of residence or any other relevant country. The User
acknowledges and agrees to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the
User by such courts and to the venue in such courts.

19. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

19.1. We encourage our Partners and Service Providers to try and settle conflicts amongst
themselves. No Disputes amongst the Users shall be attributable to Superteam. The Contract
between the Partner and the Service Provider operates as a separate agreement. Any Dispute
between parties with respect to the non-payment of consideration/inadequacy of service is to be
resolved among Parties themselves.
19.2. The User may raise their dissatisfaction or complaints with the services provided by
Superteam Earn and its Platforms or seek dispute resolution, via correspondence with
Superteam Earn. Disputes raised shall be resolved by means of correspondence and
negotiation between affected parties. This clause is only applicable to the Services provided by
Superteam Earn, and not its Users.

19.3. The User waives off any/all right of class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, and/or in
any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity
shall only bring claims in an individual capacity.

19.4. No arbitration or proceeding can be combined with another without the prior written
consent of all parties to the arbitration and/or proceeding.

19.5. Waiver of any/or all parts of the Terms shall be deemed a continuing or further waiver of
any such part or any other part of the Terms, and the User’s failure to assert any rights or part of
these Terms shall be deemed or otherwise constitute a waiver of such right or part.

19.6. Any cause arising out of these Terms shall commence within one (1) year after the cause
of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.

20. WAIVER OF LIABILITY

20.1. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the User releases Superteam Earn and
its affiliates from responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to,
claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between Users and the acts or
omissions of third parties.

20.2. The User expressly waives any rights that the User may have under any other statute or
common law principles that would otherwise limit the coverage of this waiver to include only
those claims that the User may know or suspect to exist in their favour at the time of agreeing to
this waiver.

21. MISCELLANEOUS

21.1. Entire agreement - These terms contain all the terms applicable to the User, and
supersede all other previous undocumented communication and representation and
agreements.

21.2. Severability - If any clause here is declared unenforceable or invalid by law, then only such
clause or part thereof shall be struck, and all the remaining provisions shall remain in full force
and effect.
21.3. Assignment - Superteam Earn may assign these Terms at any time to any entity without
notice or consent to the Users.

21.4. Rights Reserved - Superteam Earn reserves the right to modify, update and/or change the
Terms contained herein from time to time. Such changes shall be reflected in the Terms and
Conditions of Superteam Earn, and continuing usage shall imply acceptance of the new Terms.

22. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions about these Terms, feel free to write
or contact us at [redacted:email]@superteam.fun
