






























Terms of Service

By using grand-challenge.org, you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (" Terms of Service ").

grand-challenge.org is an initiative of Stichting Radboud universitair medisch centrum ("Radboudumc"). Radboudumc reserves the right to update and change these Terms of Service without notice.

Violation of any of the terms below may result in the immediate termination of your account without prior notice.









Platform : The online platform grand-challenge.org maintained by Radboudumc for creation, evaluation, and deployment of medical data algorithms—all in one secure, cloud-based environment.

Research Use Only : Use that is solely for scientific or academic purposes and expressly excludes any clinical, diagnostic, therapeutic, or regulatory use.

Results : Data produced as the user-defined output of algorithms, user-defined output of evaluation methods or as answers to questions in a reader study.

Services : the services made available within the Platform, such as hosting an AI challenge or a reader study.

User/You : Any individual or legal entity who accesses or uses the Platform.

Uploaded Data : Any files, including but not limited to medical data, images, annotations, or metadata, uploaded by Users to the Platform.















You must only have one account per person – separate logins for the same person is not permitted.

You must be a human. Accounts registered by “bots” or other automated methods are not permitted.

API Terms ¶

You may access your Uploaded Data via the Application Program Interface ("API"). Any use of the API, including use of the API through a third-party product that accesses the Platform, is bound by these Terms of Service plus the following specific terms:





















Copyright and Content Ownership ¶

You retain all rights, title, and interest in any User Content you upload to the Platform.

You may not upload User Content that infringes the rights, e.g. intellectual property rights, of any third party. You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights to grant the license described herein.

Radboudumc does not have nor claims any rights to Results generated by your use of the Platform, unless explicitly agreed otherwise in writing.

Any software tools or Algorithms made available through the Platform remain the intellectual property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise stated, access to such tools is licensed for research purposes only and not for clinical or commercial use.









Research Use Only ¶

The Platform and Services - and all Algorithms made available through it- are for Research Use Only.

The Platform and Services and Algorithms are explicitly NOT for clinical use. The output and results of the Services and Algorithms are provided "as-is".

You acknowledge that you are not allowed to use any output or results obtained from the Platform or Services for clinical diagnosis, patient treatment, or any activity regulated under applicable health or medical device legislation, including the EU Medical Device Regulation (EU 2017/745).





















You must not modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Platform or Radboudumc.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Platform or Services, use of the Platform or Services, or access to the Platform or Services without the express written permission by Radboudumc.

Radboudumc may, but has no obligation to do so, remove User Content or Uploaded Data and accounts that Radboudumc determines in its sole discretion are unlawful or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.









You expressly understand and agree that Radboudumc shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Radboudumc has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Platform or Services; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Platform or Services; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter relating to the Platform or Services. The total liability of Radboudumc for any claim arising from these terms shall not exceed EUR 1,000 or the total fees paid by you in the past 12 months, whichever is lower.

The failure of Radboudumc to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Radboudumc and govern your use of the Platform and Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and Radboudumc (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).

These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of The Netherlands. Any dispute shall be exclusively resolved by the competent courts of Arnhem, The Netherlands.





































