Terms of Use | Wix.com

Product CREATION Website templates Choose from 2000+ website templates.

Website design Create your site with intuitive design features.

Landing page builder Drive more conversions with one powerful page.

AI AI website builder Create your site in no time with AI.

AI features Discover all Wix has to offer for your site and business.

Wixel Create high-quality content with an AI design platform.

BUSINESS eCommerce site Run & grow your eCommerce website.

Online portfolio Showcase your work with a portfolio website.

Restaurant website Manage your menus, orders, and reservations.

Blog website Share ideas & grow your traffic.

Event website Sell tickets, collect RSVPs & accept payments.

ESSENTIALS Domain registration Buy & register a domain for your website.

Web hosting Get secure & reliable website hosting.

Business email Get a professional email to match your domain.

Business website → Launch a professional site for any type of business.

Solutions MANAGEMENT Payment solutions Accept & manage payments online.

POS Take payments and manage sales, anywhere.

Mobile app Run your business on the go from your mobile.

Wix Headless Connect your frontend to Wix infrastructure.

CRM system Build & manage customer relationships.

Scheduling system Manage appointments, staff & clients.

GROWTH Email marketing Create email marketing campaigns.

SEO tools Optimize your website for search engines.

Website analytics Get reports with actionable data & insights.

BRANDING Logo Maker Create a custom logo for your brand.

Business Name Generator Get name ideas for your business.

More free tools Explore tools to help you establish your brand.

Business management tools → Explore all business management and software features.

Resources EXPLORE Wix Blog Get the latest website tips and design trends

Web design inspiration Explore website examples and get design ideas

SUPPORT Help Center Find the answers and support you need.

Hire a professional Get expert help with your site & business.

WHAT'S NEW? Releases & updates Get all the latest product updates.

FEATURED ARTICLE Learn how to build a website →

Domains
Pricing

Wix Studio
Enterprise

top of page

Wix has updated its General Terms of Use as of [date of publication].
If you created your account prior to [date of publication], the changes will be effective as of [enter future date- ~ 2 weeks from publications]. Learn More

Wix.com Terms of Use

Last Revised: July 9, 2026

( Previous versio n )

Welcome to Wix.com’s Terms of Use! We are truly excited to have you aboard. Thank you for choosing to use our services.

Below we have listed important legal terms that apply to anyone who visits our website or uses our services. These terms are necessary in order to protect both you and us and to make our services possible and more enjoyable for everyone. Wix offers a wide range of services and features and part of the terms below may not be relevant to the specific services you use.

We understand that legal terms can be exhausting to read, and we’ve tried to make the experience more pleasant. If you have suggestions on how we can improve them, you are welcome to contact us .

SECTION 19 CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN THE JURISDICTION WHERE YOU RESIDE, BY AGREEING TO THESE WIX TERMS, YOU AGREE (A) TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) RELATED TO WIX’S SERVICES AND/OR PRODUCTS THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND (B) TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS, AS SET FORTH BELOW. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AS EXPLAINED IN SECTION 19.

1. Introduction

1.1. Our Purpose

Our services offer our Users (as defined below) the ability to easily create a beautiful and highly functional online presence, manage and promote businesses, content, and ideas, and have an overall great experience doing so – even without being tech-savvy or a design guru. As detailed below, we offer our users numerous tools and features for creating, publishing, and use of stunning websites, online e-commerce platforms, newsletters, galleries, media players, mobile apps, and other online and mobile applications, tools, and services. The online, and mobile websites, functionalities, designs and platforms created by Users are collectively referred to herein as “User Platform(s)” .

#ItsThatEasy

Wix.com offers online and mobile services and tools, that let create, manage and or/use your own online and mobile presence.

1.2. Legal Agreement

These Wix.com Terms of Use ( “Terms of Use” ), together with such additional terms which specifically apply to some of our services and features as presented on the Wix.com website(s) ( “Wix Website” , and collectively – the “Wix Terms” ), set forth the entire terms and conditions applicable to each visitor or user ( “User” or “you” ) of the Wix Website, the Wix mobile application (the “Wix App”) and/or any other services, applications and features offered by us with respect thereto, except where we explicitly state otherwise (all services offered through the Wix Website or the Wix App, collectively – the “Wix Services” or “Services” ). For the avoidance of doubt, Wix Services (as defined in these Terms of Use) do not include services, applications, features, or components that were built, developed, connected or offered by a Wix User, even if presented on the Wix Website or the Wix App.

The Wix Terms constitute a binding and enforceable legal contract between Wix.com Ltd. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries worldwide ( “Wix” , “us” or “we” ) and you in relation to the use of any Wix Services - so please read them carefully.

You may visit and/or use the Wix Services and/or the Wix App only if you fully agree to the Wix Terms - and by using and/or registering to any of the Wix Services, you signify and affirm your informed consent to these Terms of Use and any other Wix Terms applicable to your use of any Wix Services. If you do not read, or fully understand or if you do not agree to the Wix Terms, you must immediately leave the Wix Website and avoid or discontinue all use of the Wix Services or Wix App.

By using our Services, you also acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy available at our Privacy Policy .

#ItsThatEasy

By visiting our website or using our application and/or services, you are entering into a legal agreement with us, consisting of these Terms of Use, and our additional services’ legal terms. By using our services, you signify your consent to these terms and you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy. You may not use our services if you do not consent to all our terms.

Addendum - Subscription and Payment Terms for Residents of the State of Israel

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the following addendum shall apply to residents of the State of Israel who purchased the Light and Core Premium Plans (in this Addendum "Eligible Israeli Users”). If anything in this Addendum conflicts with the above Terms of Use, the terms set forth in this Addendum shall prevail to the extent they relate only to Eligible Israeli Users’ payment terms.
Unless stated otherwise, Light and Core Paid Services are offered to Eligible Israeli Users as an open-ended transaction, in the form of an indefinite period of subscription, with recurring billing periods. Unless otherwise specified, these Paid Services will remain valid indefinitely, to ensure continuity of service. For the avoidance of doubt, this Addendum only applies to Eligible Israeli Users who purchase Light and Core Premium Plans.
If you purchased the Light or Core Paid Services, your subscription will not be time-limited, and the payment method you provided will be charged for each billing period, unless you choose to cancel the subscription in accordance with the terms of this addendum.
You have the right to cancel the Light or Core Paid Services in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Israel’s Consumer Protection Law (1981), and according to the following terms:
You may request to cancel your Light or Core Paid Service, for any reason and at any time ("Cancellation Notice"). The cancellation will take immediate effect once you provide us with the Cancellation Notice as detailed below (or within 6 business days if the notice is sent by registered mail). For the period from the effective date of cancellation onwards, Wix will reimburse you with a proportional refund to your connected and updated payment method, within 14 days of us receiving the Cancellation Notice.

Cancellation fees - Wix does not currently charge any cancellation fees, but reserves the right to do so in the future, according to the terms stipulated in the Israeli Consumer Protection law.

Your Cancellation Notice should include identifying details (such as full name and the email address you used to register for our services - if sent by a written notice by registered mail), and be delivered in one of the following ways:

By clicking the "Cancel Plan" link on your Premium Subscriptions page.

Verbally by contacting Customer Support by phone via callback service.

By sending a written notice by registered mail to Wix.com Ltd., 5 Yunitzman st., Tel-Aviv, Israel. Specify in the letter which subscription you wish to cancel if you have more than one.

After the cancellation effective date, your account will switch to the free plan and you will no longer have access to features or services provided as part of our Paid Services, including the ability to connect your Wix site to a domain.

#ItsThatEasy

Israeli users who purchased Light and Core premium plans are eligible to cancel their subscription at any time, and receive a pro rata refund for the time left in their subscription

Home

bottom of page

Wix is a website builder and domain registrar that gives any business or individual the freedom to build a professional website, register a domain name or do both all in one place. By combining design tools, domain registration and business solutions in one AI-powered platform, Wix makes it easy for anyone to create without limits and scale confidently online.
About
Contact Us

Product
Website Builder
AI Website Builder
Website Templates
Website Design
Web Hosting
Landing Page Builder
Domain Registration
WHOIS Lookup
Domain Name Search
Wix Studio
Mobile App Builder
Base44

Solutions
Business website
Online Store Builder
eCommerce Website
Portfolio Website
Blog Website
Business Software
Business email
Free Business Tools
Point of Sale
Online Booking
Logo Maker
Wix University

Resources
Wix Blog
Privacy and Security Hub
SEO Learning Hub
Wix Website Features
App Market
Website Accessibility

Support
Help Center
Hire a Professional
Report Abuse
System Status

Company
Channel Partnerships
Press & Media
Investor Relations
Wix Ventures
Accessibility Statement
Patent Notice
Sitemap
Careers

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

© 2006-2026 Wix.com, Inc
