                            TERMS OF USE OF www.displate.com

The Service Provider’s statement: Displate is a community built upon respect for
Artists/Influencers and their intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property rights
of third parties. Displate has a zero tolerance policy for intellectual property rights infringement.
Therefore, we ask our Artists/Influencers to keep it in mind each time they are uploading content
to Displate. The Artists/Influencers are required to upload works which do not infringe upon the
copyrights, moral rights, publicity rights, privacy rights or any other rights of any person or third
party, or violate any law or judicial or governmental order. In simple words, stealing other people's
works and passing it as their own is against the law and against what Displate stands and will
stand for.
UNITED STATES USERS, PLEASE NOTE THAT SECTION XII OF THESE TERMS OF USE
CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND JURY WAIVER THAT
APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS BROUGHT AGAINST SERVICE PROVIDER IN THE UNITED STATES.
THOSE TERMS REQUIRE THAT DISPUTES BE RESOLVED ONLY BY FINAL AND BINDING
INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION (AND NOT BY COURT LITIGATION) AND THAT YOU WAIVE ANY
RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AND WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS
ACTIONS AGAINST SERVICE PROVIDER. PLEASE REVIEW THEM CAREFULLY.


Terms used herein carry the following meanings:
    1. Artist - a natural person engaged in business activity, an unincorporated organisational
        entity that has been endowed with legal capacity on the basis of separate provisions, or a
        legal person, all of whom have created and currently maintain an Account in order to
        provide access to Product Models which they have delivered. Artist is not a consumer
        within the meaning of the law.
    2. Voucher – a multi-purpose voucher issued by the Service Provider to the Displate Club
        Member under the Subscription Agreement.
    3. Password - a sequence of signs, including alphanumeric, necessary to perform an
        authentication    process    while    accessing    the   Account,     determined     by   the
        Artist/User/Influencer during the Registration process. The password must meet the
        requirements specified by the Service in the registration form.
    4. Account - ICT resources within the Website which the Artist/User/Influencer may access
        following one-time Registration, and upon providing, in each case, the Name and
        Password (logging in), having certain features which the User can use, and in specific
   cases, decide if they are visible to the public. The Artist uses the Account to publish and
   provide the Users with access to the Product Models.
   4a. Active Account - An account that is regularly used on the Service, meaning, in
   particular, that the user logs into the Service at least once every 3 months, or performs
   actions such as making purchases, sales, publishing content, or engaging in other
   activities.
5. Share and Earn – the functionality of the Website available under the Account's
   administration panel, which: (a) enables the Artist to provide a link to purchase a Product
   based on the Product Model published and made available on the Account by the given
   Artist, on his or her website, blog, account on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest,
   YouTube or on other websites and social media of the Artist and (b) enables the Influencer
   to provide a link to purchase any Product on his or her the website, blog, account on
   Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube or on other websites and social media
   of the Influencer.
6. Name (login) - a sequence of signs, including alphanumeric, necessary to perform an
   authentication       process   while    accessing   the   Account,   determined     by   the
   Artist/User/Influencer during the Registration process.
7. Subscription Fee - the fee payable to the Service Provider by the Displate Club Member
   under the Displate Club membership agreement in form of a Dynamic Subscription Fee
   or a Flat Subscription Fee.
8. Displate Club Membership Agreement - a service provided by the Service Provider to
   the Displate Club Member, providing access to benefits within the Service provided during
   billing periods under the terms and conditions described in detail in the Terms of Use.
9. Privacy Policy - a document available at https://displate.com/about-privacy, describing
   in   particular      the   principles   of   processing   the   personal    data    of   the
   Users/Artists/Influencers in connection with the use of the Service, including account
   registration and the conclusion of Agreements.
10. Product - a physical copy of a work or another product of human activity, including but
   not limited to graphics, posters, paintings, illustrations or photographs, which is available
   for saleto the User or persons who purchased the Productvia the Partner by the Service
   Provider. Depending on the type of goods, the Product may be available in the sizes M, L,
   XL and in the selected types of finishes - matte, gloss, frame, Textra (with modifications
   and printing refinements) at the price provided by the Service Provider on the Website.
   Products also include other items available for sale on the Service (e.g., mounting system
   or Display Stand), though they may not be available in the above-mentioned sizes and
   finishes.
11. Registration - a one-time action involving the creation of an account by the
   Artist/User/Influencer on the Service's website in accordance with the terms specified in
   the Terms of Use.
12. Terms of Use - these Terms of Use.
13. Website (www.displate.com, Displate) - an Internet website which enables
   Artists/Influencers to provide access to the Product Models, as well as enabling the sale
   of goods (particularly Products) and the provision of services by the Service Provider
   under the terms set forth in the Terms and Use.
14. Force Majeure - an exceptional external occurrence beyond the control of a given Party
   which was impossible to prevent despite exercising due diligence.
15. Parties - depending on an Agreement to which the Terms of Use refer: the Service Provider
   and the Artist/Influencer or the Service Provider and the User.
16. Displate Club Member - a User who has entered into a Displate Club membership
   agreement with the Service Provider.
17. Agreement - an agreement for the provision of Services concluded by and between the
   Artist/User/Influencer and the Service Provider upon the Artist’s/User’s/Influencer’s first
   access to the Account following successful Registration. The agreement is concluded for
   an indefinite period. In the case of Users not holding an Account, the agreement for the
   provision of Services is concluded each time upon entering the Website and terminated
   upon leaving the Website. Moreover, in the case of the agreement between the
   Artist/Influencer and the Service Provider, the Agreement also covers the provision of
   services connected with the Artist/Influencer delivering the Product Models to the
   Website on the terms and conditions provided for in these Terms of Use.
18. Service - a service provided by electronic means by the Service Provider under the Act on
   Providing Services by Electronic Means on terms and conditions provided for in the Terms
   of Use, which consist in: (a) providing the Artist/User/Influencer with an Account and
   other functionalities of the Website, in particular the Subscription Plan, and (b) making it
   possible for the User to make an order for a Product.
19. Tools - services allowing the Artist or User to produce, process, store or access data in
   digital form, joint use of data in digital form that has been sent or created by the Artist or
   User or other forms of interaction using data in digital form, in particular functionalities
   enabling Artists to post Products as part of the Account and logged in Users, and Displate
   Club Members to create Custom Displates. .
20. Service Provider - GWD CONCEPT Sp. z o.o. with registered office in Warsaw at Al.
   Jerozolimskie 123 a, registered in the District Court in Warsaw, Commercial Division of
   the National Court Register under KRS No. 0000451277 and Tax Identification under No.
   PL9512364589. Moreover, the company is registered under BDO No. 000130019.
21. Act on Copyrights and Related Rights - Act on Copyrights and Related Rights of
   4 February 1994 (Dz. U. [Journal of Laws] of 1994, No. 24, item 83, as amended).
22. Act on Providing Services by Electronic Means - Act on Providing Services by Electronic
   Means of 18 July 2002 (Dz. U. [Journal of Laws] of 2002, No. 144, item 1244, as amended).
23. Act on Consumer Rights – Act on Consumer Rights of 30th May 2014 (Dz. U. [Journal of
   Laws] of 2014, item 827, as amended).
24. User - (a) a natural person above 18 years of age (in the case of persons at the age of 13-
   17, every activity within the Website requires a confirmation of his or her legal guardian),
   (b) an unincorporated organisational entity that has been endowed with legal capacity on
   the basis of separate provisions or (c) a legal person using the Website, engaging in a legal
   transaction (e.g., a purchase of the Product, using the Service or entering into Displate
   Club Membership Agreement) with the Service Provider outside of the scope of any
   economic activity whatever the purpose or results of that activity
25. Product Model - a digital presentation of a Product in the form of data published and
   made available by the Artist/Influencer on the Account.
26. Initial Order - an order for a Product or Products made through the Service, during which
   the Displate Club Membership Agreement may be concluded under the terms and
   conditions described in the Terms of Use. The amount of the Initial Order may be the basis
   for determining the Subscription Fee in the Dynamic Subscription Fee model - whereby
   only an order of Products in size M, L or XL is included (in the case of purchases of Limited
   Edition or Ultra Limited Edition Products, they are recalculated taking into account a
   matte Product in size M or L, respectively).
27. Limited Edition/Ultra Limited Edition – limited in quantity and/or time series of the
   Product, having modifications and printing refinements not available for standard orders,
   certificate of authenticity and manually marked by assigning an individual number
   together with information about the quantity of the Product available within a given series,
   which is available for purchase via the Website without the option of finishing and the
   borders of the ordered Product and in size M/L and at a price provided by the Service
   Provider on the Website.
28. Lumino - Product manufactured on a composite material made of metal and plastic, with
   modifications and printing refinements not available for standard orders (i.e. artificial light
    and/or animated light effects used to enhance chosen parts of the design powered by an
    external power source), certificate of authenticity and manually marked an individual
    number. Product is available for purchase for a limited quantity via the Website without
    the option of finishing and the borders and only in size M and at a price provided by the
    Service Provider on the Website. The technical parameters of the Product and the term of
    its availability for purchase via the Website is determined by the Service Provider at its
    sole discretion. The Service Provider at its sole discretion may relaunch (once or more
    times) the sale of the Product and make the Product available for purchase via the
    Website for further periods of time determined by The Service Provider.
29. Displate Stand - an accessory for exhibiting Products printed on metal. Displate Stand
    features two movable magnets that can be used to mount either a single Product in size
    M or L, two Products in size M or Lumino mounted back-to-back.
30. Influencer – (a) a natural person above 18 years of age (in the case of persons at the age
    of 13-17, every activity within the Website requires a confirmation of his or her legal
    guardian), (b) a natural person engaged in business activity, (c) an unincorporated
    organisational entity that has been endowed with legal capacity on the basis of separate
    provisions or (d) a legal person using the Website, who has entered into a separate
    cooperation agreement with the Service Provider and has created and currently maintain
    an Account in order to use and derive profits from the usage of Share and Earn. Influencer
    is not a consumer within the meaning of the law.
31. Partner – website through which it is possible to purchase the Product by users of this
    website. Under no circumstances should the Partner be considered a subcontractor,
    agent or any entity acting on behalf of the Service Provider.
32. Gift Card – a tool (represented by a string of characters) that entitles the User to purchase
    a Product offered on the Website (including covering the shipping and handling costs),
    under the terms described in Chapter IX.
33. Custom Displates – personalized products printed based on designs (image files)
    uploaded by a logged in User or a Displate Club Member via the “Custom Displates”
    functionality in the Service, made to the individual specifications of the ordering party.
34. Displate Style Filters – a functionality of the Service that enables the stylistic
    modification of an uploaded image file using tools based on artificial intelligence. This
    function is available exclusively within the Custom Displates option, for the purpose of
    preparing a personalized graphic for the User’s private use.
35. Verified Creators Program – a functionality of the Website consisting in distinguishing
    selected Accounts of Artists or Influencers by marking them as “Verified” and enabling
       the presentation and filtering of Product Models originating from such Accounts within
       the Website.
   36. Verified Creator – an Artist or Influencer maintaining an Account on the Website whose
       Account has been marked by the Service Provider as verified under the creator recognition
       program operated within the Website. The Verified Creator status means that the Account
       is distinguished within the Website and may involve the presentation of Product Models
       published by such Creator in dedicated sections, listings or filters of the Website.
   37. Guest – a natural person using selected functionalities of the Service without creating an
       Account, in particular within the Custom Displates functionality or other functionalities
       made available by the Service Provider.


                                     I. General Provisions.
1.1. These Terms of Use set forth: (a) the rules of using the Website by the Artists, Users and
    Influencers and the rules governing the provision of Services via the Website (b) the
    conditions for selling the Products and (c) the rules governing the provision of services by the
    Artists in connection with delivering Product Models to the Website.


                      II. Scope and Conditions for Using the Website.
2.1. The Service Provider undertakes to provide the Service within the Website in the scope and
    on terms and conditions specified in these Terms of Use.
2.2. The Service may be used on condition that the ICT system used by the Artist, the Influencer
    or the User meets the following minimum technical requirements: (a) Internet Explorer
    version 9.0 or newer with enabled JavaScript and cookies or (b) Mozilla Firefox version 22.0 or
    newer with enabled JavaScript and cookies, Google Chrome version 30 or newer with enabled
    JavaScript and cookies, Safari 5 or newer with enabled JavaScript and cookies, Opera 20 or
    newer with enabled JavaScript and cookies, minimum display resolution 1200x800 pixels.
2.3. The Service Provider uses cookies solely for the purpose of collecting information connected
    with the use of the Website, including in particular in order to:
       a) maintain the User’s/Artist’s/Influencer’s session;
       b) adapt the Website to the needs of the User/Artist/Influencer;
       c) create the statistics concerning the traffic on subpages of the Website, and
       d) use such information for marketing purposes of the Service Provider.
2.4. The Service Provider reserves the right to modify, for important reasons, the manner in which
    the Service is provided in compliance with the scope and conditions resulting from
    the authorisations held by the Service Provider, and also in accordance with the technical
    capabilities of the Service Provider without compromising the quality and with no influence
    on the scope of rights and obligations of the Parties. An important reason for making a change
    to the Service is:
       a) change, extension, or improvement of the way of displaying the content available in
            the Service,
       b) improving the functionality to improve the quality of the Service,
       c) adapting the Services to changes in the Service Provider's technical environment (i.e.
            hardware or software used by the Service Provider).
2.5. The Service Provider is entitled to periodically suspend the provision of Services on
    the Website in relation to all or some of the Accounts in connection with carrying out
    necessary maintenance. The maintenance will be carried out upon prior notification to the
    Artists/Users/Influencers (e.g. by way of sending an appropriate message to the Accounts
    and publishing an announcement on the Website) and for the shortest time possible.
2.6. In order to assure the safety of transferring messages connected with the Service provided,
    the Service Provider undertakes technical and organisational measures which are adequate
    for the level of risk to the safety of the Service.
             III. Providing Access to Product Models and Selling Products.
[Information for the Artist/Influencer]
3.1. The Artist/Influencer keeps all rights to Product Models uploaded by the Artist/Influencer to
    the Account, and may at any time delete any Product Model from the Account. All orders from
    Users for Products based on Product Models by a particular Artist/Influencer that are placed
    before the deletion of the Product Model will be completed.
3.2. The Product Model will be placed on an Account if:
       a) The Artist is the owner of the Product Model;
       b) The Product Model meets the technical parameters and requirements (e.g., file size,
            resolution) provided to the Artist/Influencer when uploading the Product Model to
            their Account;
       c) It will not involve re-uploading a Product Model with only minor changes to the color
            palette, composition, or other small adjustments (prohibition of duplicating the
            Product Models);
       d) The descriptions, titles, tags, categories, collections and art types used by the
            Artist/Influencer must be consistent with the theme of the Product Model, must not
            be misleading, and must not otherwise grossly and unfairly influence the perception
            of the Product Model.
3.3. Without prejudice to sec. 6.10. below and the right and obligations of the Parties, The Service
    Provider reserves the right to refrain from posting, modify, and/or remove Product Models on
    the Service’s website in the following cases:
        a) they do not comply with the profile of the Service and the Terms of Use,
        b) they do not meet the requirements specified in section 3.2 of the Terms of Use,
        c) they have not generated any sales in the last 3 months,
        d) they come from Accounts where the Artist’s identity has not been verified following
             section 4.5 of the Terms or from the Accounts described in section 4.11 of the Terms
             of Use, or from Accounts that have been inactive for 3 months,
        e) the descriptions, titles, tags, categories, collections and art types used by the
             Artist/Influencer for the Product Models are grossly inconsistent with their actual
             theme,
        f)   they violate the rules outlined in section 6.2 of the Terms of Use.
    Additionally, the Service Provider may display the Product Models on the Service in any order
    it deems appropriate, taking into account, among other things, the User interests or other
    factors, including the results of automated decision-making.
3.4. The Artist will be informed about the removal or non-publication of the Product Model(s). This
    notification will include a justification (including, among other things, the facts and
    circumstances on which the decision was based, where applicable, information regarding
    the use of automated means during decision-making, including whether the decision was
    based on content detected or identified using automated means, the legal basis for the
    decision, and explanations of why the information is considered illegal content based on this,
    the contractual basis for the decision, and explanations of why the information is considered
    non-compliant with that basis) as well as information about the available appeal procedures
    (including, in particular, the procedure described in section X of Terms of Use).
3.5. The Artist and the Influencer undertake to fulfil any and all tax obligations connected with the
    activities carried out by the Artist and the Influencer on the Website.
3.6. By uploading a Product Model to the Account, the Artist/the Influencer gives consent for the
    Service Provider and the Service Provider’s subcontractors to undertake any activities with
    respect to the Product Model and its developments (in full or in part) that are necessary to
    create, place it on the Service, and market the Product. In addition, the Artist/Influencer
    agrees to make the Product Model publicly available to the extent necessary to display the
    Product for sale through the Partner.
3.7. Furthermore, the Artist/Influencer gives his or her consent to the following:
         a) the Service Provider and entities cooperating with the Service Provider using the
             Product Model or its development (in full or in part) and photographs of the Product
             itself solely with a view to promoting the Website or the Artist/Influencer (in the
             Internet, press and television, or during presentations or exhibitions);
         b) using the Product Model or its development (in full or in part) and photographs of the
             Product itself within the Artist’s/Influencer’s Account;
         c) launching discounts by the Service Provider. As a result of launching discounts, the
             price of the Product and the fee paid to the Artist or the Influencer is proportionately
             decreased;
         d) the Service Provider and entities cooperating with the Service Provider using the
             Product Model for the purposes of promoting the Website or the Artist/Influencer, in
             particular for transferring the Product as samples to the Users free of charge, as well
             as using the Product for the purposes of conducting contests in which free copies of
             the Product are awarded.
3.8. Moreover, acceptance of the Service Terms of Use is equivalent with the Artist’s/Influencer’s
      consent for selling the Product Models via the Website and the Partner as well as within the
      Subscription Plan. The consent can be terminated by the Artist/Influencer termination of the
      Agreement and closing Account.
 [Artist’s fee]
3.9. For appropriate and verified by the Service Provider providing by the Artist of the services
      connected with the delivery of Product Models to the Service, the Service Provider
      undertakes to pay a fee to the Artist (at the request of the Artist expressed by clicking the
      request payment button) on the terms described in par. 3.11. below.
3.10. The Artist’s fee is settled as follows:
         a) Information about the amount of the fee due is published on the Artist’s Account after
             the period of 24 (twenty four) hours of selling the Product;
         b) The fee will be available for payment to the Artist after 10 (ten) days from the date of
             selling the Product;
         c) The fee will not be due if the Product sale has been canceled or if the Product has been
             returned by the User (on the basis of a complaint or withdrawal from the agreement)
             in such cases, the information referred to in point 1 will be updated;
         d) For technical and organizational reasons, the Service Provider reserves the right to
             make the payment only after the Artist has accumulated a minimum fee of USD 50
             (fifty). No interest will accrue for the period the Artist waits to reach this threshold;
         e) The transfer of funds will take place within 45 (forty-five) days from the date the Artist
              submits a valid payment request;
         f)   The Artist is required to submit the payment request by the end of the third (3rd) year
              from the date specified in point 2 above.
 3.11.   The fee will be determined in accordance with the following rules. A basis for settlement
      is a net sale price of a Product in USD based on the Product Model provided by a given Artist.
      The amount of the fee due to the Artist in case of Product in size M is USD 4,50, in case of
      Product in size L is USD 9,00 and in case of Product in size XL is USD 14,50. In the case of
      Products from the Limited Edition, Ultra Limited Edition and Lumino series the amount of the
      fee due to the Artist is provided in the cooperation agreement concluded between the Service
      Provider and the Artist. The Artist will be notified of any changes to the fee in a manner
      described in par. 12.4 below, except for the fees due to the Artist in the case of the Limited
      Edition, Ultra Limited Edition and Lumino series Products.
3.12. The Service Provider reserves the right to deduct an advance payment towards taxes and
      other official and administrative fees (i.a. WHT, VAT) that Service Provider is obliged to pay in
      different countries around the world.
3.13. The Artist is solely responsible for the provided data (PayPal email address) during the
      payment process. The settlement will be lost in case of providing incorrect or invalid data.
      The Artist waives all and any claims against the Service Provider in this respect.
      At the time of pay-out, the Artist commits to provide basic and valid data (tax data) for
      identification purposes. The system will verify data within 72 hours. In case of lack or
      incorrect data provided, The Service Provider reserves the right to withhold payment until
      receipt of relevant data.
3.14. The Artist’s fee regulated in par. 3.9. – 3.13. above will cover any and all claims that the Artist
      may have during/in connection with/as a result of the cooperation with the Service Provider
      in connection with the Website, in particular for giving a consent to the use of the Product
      Model and Product in the manner specified above.


      [Fee for the sale of the Product made via a link provided using Share and Earn]
 3.15.   The Service Provider undertakes to pay to the Artist a fee (at the request of the Artist
      expressed by clicking request payment button) for the purchase of a Product based on the
      Product Model made available by the given Artist on his or her the Account, made through the
      link shared by the Artist using Share and Earn. A basis for settlement is the net sale price of a
      Product in USD, determined based on the applicable base price of the Product (e.g. the USD
      price applied in the United States), regardless of localized pricing in other markets.. The
     amount of payment due to the Artist is 41% of the net sales price of the Product in USD, with
     the proviso that in the case of Products from the Limited Edition, Ultra Limited Edition and
     Lumino series the amount of the fee due to the Artist is 10% of the net price in USD of the
     Product sold. The Artist will be notified of any changes to the fee in a manner described in par.
     12.4 below, except for the fees due to the Artist in the case of the Limited Edition, Ultra
     Limited Edition and Lumino series Products. Moreover, the Service Provider may introduce
     time-limited promotional increases to the Share and Earn fee (e.g., for marketing or
     community purposes). Such changes shall not constitute a permanent change to the Terms,
     and their duration and details shall be communicated via the Website or other official
     communication channels.
 3.16.   The Service Provider undertakes to pay to the Influencer a fee (at the request of the
     Influencer expressed by clicking request payment button) for the purchase of a Product made
     through the link shared by the Influencer using Share and Earn. A basis for settlement is the
     net sale price of a Product in USD, determined based on the applicable base price of the
     Product (e.g. the USD price applied in the United States), regardless of localized pricing in
     other markets.. The amount of payment due to the Influencer is up to 25% of the net sales
     price of the Product in USD. The Influencer will be notified of any changes to the fee in a
     manner described in par. 12.4 below. Par. 3.16. - 3.20. are applicable if the cooperation
     agreement concluded between the Service Provider and Influencer does not provide
     otherwise.
3.17. The Artist’s/Influencer’s fee is settled as follows:
      1) Information about the amount of the fee due is published onthe Artist’s/Influencer’s
      Account after the period of 24 (twenty four) hours of selling the Product;
      2) The fee will be available payment to the Artist/Influencer after 10 (ten) days from the date
      of selling the Product;
      3) The fee will not be due if the Product sale has been canceled or if the Product has been
      returned by the User (on the basis of a complaint or withdrawal from the agreement) in such
      cases, the information referred to in point 1 will be updated;
      4) For technical and organizational reasons the Service Provider reserves the right to make
      the payment only after the Artist/Influencer has accumulated a minimum fee of USD 50 (fifty).
      No interest will accrue for the period the Artist/Influencer waits to reach this threshold;
      5) The transfer of funds will take place within 45 (forty-five) days from the date the
      Artist/Influencer submits a valid payment request;
      6) The Artist/Influencer is required to submit the payment request by the end of the third (3rd)
      year from the date specified in point 2 above.
3.18. The Service Provider reserves the right to deduct an advance payment towards taxes and
      other official and administrative fees (i.a. WHT, VAT) that Service Provider is obliged to pay in
      different countries around the world.
3.19. The Artist/Influencer is solely responsible for the provided data (PayPal email address) during
      the payment process. The settlement will be lost in case of providing incorrect or invalid data.
      The Artist/Influencer waives all and any claims against the Service Provider in this respect.
      At the time of pay-out, The Artist/Influencer commits to provide basic and valid data (tax
      data) for identification purposes. The system will verify data within 72 hours. In case of lack
      or incorrect data provided, The Service Provider reserves the right to withhold payment until
      receipt of relevant data.
3.20. The Artist’s fee regulated in par. 3.15. and 3.17 – 3.19. as well as Influencer’s fee regulated in
      par. 3.16. – 3.19. above will cover any and all claims that the Artist/Influencer may have
      during/in connection with/as a result of the cooperation with the Service Provider in
      connection with the Website.
  [Sale of Product]
3.21. A Product sale agreement made through the Website is concluded at the moment whenthe
      User clicks the functionality marked in the purchase process as “CHECKOUT”, provides data
      necessary for proper shippingand makes the required payment using one of the available
      payment methods (e.g., PayPal, GPay, or credit card). The available payment methods may
      vary depending on the User’s country of purchase and the payment provider associated with
      that country (e.g., Adyen or Braintree).
3.22. Alternatively a Product sale agreement made through the Website may be concluded using
      the Express Checkout Payments using so called electronic wallets - at the moment when the
      User chooses the functionality marked with the relevant payment service and makes the
      required payment using directly one of the available payment methods (e.g., PayPal,
      GooglePay, Apple Pay) on conditions specified in this payment method. The available
      payment methods may vary depending on the User’s country of purchase and the payment
      provider associated with that country (e.g., Adyen or Braintree). When using the Express
      Checkout the data necessary for proper shipment of the Product (e.g. email address,
      shipping address, billing address, phone number, name and surname, tokenized payment
      details) shall be obtained by the Service Provider directly from the payment service provider
      (e.g., PayPal, GooglePay, Apple Pay).
3.23. The agreement does not apply in the absence of actual payment. The Service Provider deems
      the agreement concluded on the date and time valid at the Service Provider’s registered
      office, except in cases where this would conflict with regulations protecting the User as a
      consumer.The agreement may be concluded solely and exclusively via the Website
      functionalities (the terms of purchase from the Partner are governed by the Partner’s sales
      terms). The subject matter of the agreement will be specified at the final stage of the
      purchase process. The Service Provider is obliged to deliver the Product without any defects
      and is liable for the conformity of the Product with the sale agreement. The guaranteed price
      of the Product is the price displayed in the cart. This means that the Service Provider
      guarantees that when the User adds a Product to the cart at a specified price in the purchase
      process, but the User does not purchase this Product during the same visit to the Website,
      the price of the added Product will remain the same as at the time of adding this Product to
      a cart, if the User purchases the Product previously added to a cart during the other visit to
      the Website, provided the Product is still available for purchase.
3.24. The User may withdraw from the Product sale agreement concluded with the Service
      Provider via the Website without giving any reason by submitting an appropriate statement
      within 100 (one hundred) calendar days. This time-limit is calculated from the day the User
      took the possession of the Product. The User will not cover the costs of withdrawal from the
      Product sale agreement subject to the following sentence. In the case of withdrawal from the
      Product sale agreement, the User will cover the following costs: (a) the cost of returning the
      Product (return shipment); (b) if the User selects a manner of Product delivery other than the
      least expensive ordinary manner of delivery available on the Website, the Service Provider is
      not obliged to reimburse the User for any additional costs incurred by the User. Withdrawal
      is possible if the assembly system contained in the Product is still functioning. As for the
      purchased assembly system, withdrawal is possible only in case of returning the whole
      assembly kit and if it is still functioning. The User shall be liable for any diminution in the value
      of the returned Product resulting from use thereof in a manner other that necessary to
      establish the nature, features, and functioning of the Product. The right to withdraw from the
      sale agreement in accordance with this section does not apply to the Custom Displates,
      therefore such Products are not eligible for return. In the case of Products purchased by
      the User on the Service Provider’s Service, the User is entitled to a statutory 14-day right
      of withdrawal from the contract. This period begins at the moment the Product is
      delivered, and it is sufficient for the User to submit a withdrawal form within this period.
      A withdrawal form is available in section 3.26. The statutory right of withdrawal does not
      apply to personalized Products (e.g., customized in terms of size, type, frame), unless
      otherwise provided by applicable law.
3.25. The User shall return the Product to the Service Provider immediately, but no later than within
     14 (fourteen) days from the date of withdrawal from the Product sale agreement. In order to
     meet the deadline it is sufficient to dispatch the Product before its expiry. The Service
     Provider undertakes to immediately, not later than within 14 (fourteen) days from the day of
     receiving the User’s statement of withdrawal from the Product sale agreement, reimburse the
     User for any and all payments made by the User with the use of the same method of payment
     as applied by the User, with a proviso that the Service Provider is entitled to suspend
     reimbursement of payments obtained from the User until the Service Provider receives the
     Product back or the User submits a confirmation of shipping the Product, depending on
     which of the events occurs earlier. Moreover, the Service Provider reserves that upon the
     lapse of 60 (sixty) days following the payment made by the User, independent payment
     operators may, under their rules and regulations, retain a certain part of the amount paid.
3.26. A withdrawal form from the Product sale agreement is available on the Website (click here to
     use it).
3.27. The Product will be delivered not later than 30 (thirty) business days following the day on
      which the payment for the Product was obtained. The User undertakes to immediately notify
      the Service Provider of the failure to deliver the Product within the above-mentioned period.
3.28. The Products are delivered by courier or to a package machine or a service point indicated by
      the User. The Products ordered may be delivered by the Service Provider in the following
      countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark,
      Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hong
      Kong, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jersey, Lithuania, Luxembourg,       Malaysia,
      Monaco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Reunion, Saint
      Barthelemy, Saint Martin (French part), Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sint Maarten (Dutch part),
      Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,           Taiwan,
      Thailand, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States, Venezuela. Depending on
      the destination, there is a possibility of an additional duty fee and/or taxes. Their amounts
      depend on a specific countries' regulations. Any costs related to customs duties and/or
      taxes shall be borne by the User, unless such costs are explicitly included in the purchase
      price of the Product.
3.29. Payment for the Products may be made using the methods indicated at the beginning of the
      order making process. The User should pay the Product price immediately upon making an
      order for a given Product. Payments are made in USD, EUR, GBP, DKK, SEK, CHF, NOK, SGD.
      The User’s bank may convert the final amount to the local currency at its rate of exchange.
3.30. The Service Provider shall be liable towards the User for the non-conformity of the Product
      with the sale agreement (statutory warranty) in accordance with applicable regulations. Any
      complaints under the statutory warranty for Products’ defects or non-conformity may be
     submitted     by   the    User    in    writing   or   electronically    to   the    following
     address: [redacted:email]@displate.com. In the complaint the User shall describe in details the
     defect or the non-conformity of the Product and present his demand. The complaint shall be
     examined by the Service Provider within 14 (fourteen) days from the delivery of it to the
     Service Provider. The User will be promptly informed of the results of this procedure. Subject
     to any other provisions of law and protective regulations under the Consumer Rights Act, the
     Service Provider is liable under the statutory warranty for the Products’ defects or non-
     conformity, provided that: (i) the User discovers the Product’s defect or non-conformity
     within 2 (two) years from the date of delivery of the Product to the User, and (ii) submits a
     complaint to the Service Provider within 1 (one) year from the date of discovery of this defect
     or this non-conformity. The ineffective elapse of the deadlines referred to in the preceding
     sentence relieves the Service Provider from the liability under the statutory warranty for the
     Products’ defects or non-conformity. Claims under the statutory warranty for the Products’
     defects or non-conformity shall be vested exclusively in the User who purchased the Product
     through the Website and do not pass to a subsequent purchaser of the Product.
3.31. The User being a consumer has the right to have his complaints examined and assert his
     claims: (a) by mediation through provincial inspectors of the trade inspection authority; (b)
     before permanent consumer arbitration courts at provincial inspectors of the trade
     inspection authority.
3.32. The mediation referred to in par. 3.29. a) above may be availed of after the consumer has
     applied to the competent provincial inspector of the trade inspection authority.
3.33. The permanent consumer arbitration courts referred to in par. 3.29. b) above may be availed
     of upon submission by the consumer of a request for examining a dispute by the competent
     permanent consumer arbitration court.
3.34. The consumer has also the right to make a request with the district or city consumer
     ombudsman to approach an economic operator regarding protection of the rights and
     interests of consumers.
3.35. Product assembly manual may be downloaded here: Safe Wall Magnet Mounting System, 3D
     Magnet, 3D Lumino Magnet and Displate Stand. Guidelines for assembling the Product can
     be found here: https://displate.com/about-faq in the “Safe Wall Magnet Mounting System”.
     The User undertakes to follow the instructions and guidelines for assembling the Products
     and shall always take caution in choosing the location for the Products. The User
     acknowledges and accepts that certain external factors (such as vibrations or high humidity
     levels) may detriment the magnet mounting used in the Products and, as a consequence,
     shorten their end use date and cause the Products to fall.
3.36. Sale of the Products via the Partner is conducted on the terms set out in the relevant
      regulations available on the Partner's website.
3.37. Users who purchased a Product through the Service may be invited by the Service Provider to
      submit reviews, ratings, comments, photographs, videos or other content regarding such
      Product (“Reviews”). Eligibility for review programs may depend on objective business criteria
      determined by the Service Provider, including the availability of the review program in a
      particular country, participation in marketing communications, technical limitations or other
      objective criteria.
      The Service Provider may cooperate with external service providers in order to collect,
      manage, verify, moderate and publish Reviews.
      By submitting a Review, the User acknowledges and agrees that:
      a.      the Review and selected information concerning the User, such as nickname, first
              name, country or profile image, may be publicly displayed within the Service,
      b.      the Review may be used by the Service Provider for promotional, marketing and
              informational purposes related to the Service and Products,
      c.      the Service Provider may verify, moderate, refuse to publish, remove, edit for
              technical, security or compliance reasons, or prioritize Reviews, in particular where
              the Review violates applicable law, these Terms of Use or third-party rights, contains
              personal data, spam, misleading, offensive, inappropriate or automatically
              generated content, relates to a product other than the reviewed Product, does not
              reflect a genuine purchase or product experience, or otherwise violates the review
              publication rules applicable within the Service,
      d.      the User represents that the Review is based on the User’s genuine experience with
              the Product and that the User has all rights necessary to submit the Review and any
              materials included therein,
      e.      the User grants the Service Provider a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free licence
              to use, reproduce, publish, display and make available the Review for the purposes
              of operating, promoting and improving the Service and Products,
      f.      if a Review is rejected or removed, the User may contact the Service Provider at
              [redacted:email]@displate.com to request a review of the decision. The Service Provider
              reserves the right to make the final decision regarding publication of Reviews.
              The Service Provider may determine the manner and order in which Reviews are
              displayed within the Service, including by applying sorting, filtering or ranking
              criteria, provided that such criteria are applied in a transparent and non-misleading
              manner.
      g.      the Service Provider takes reasonable and proportionate measures to ensure that
              Reviews displayed within the Service originate from customers who purchased the
              reviewed Product. Reviews may be subject to verification and moderation prior to
              publication.
      The Service Provider may determine the manner and order in which Reviews are displayed
      within the Service, including by applying sorting, filtering or ranking criteria, provided that
      such criteria are applied in a transparent and non-misleading manners.

     [Custom Displates]
3.38.   The Custom Displates functionality is available to logged-in Users holding an Account on
    the Service, including the Displate Club Members, as well as to Guests, subject to prior
    acceptance of these Terms of Use..
3.39.   A User or Guest wishing to purchase a Custom Displate should:
        a) upload an image file in the appropriate place on the Service;
        b) ensure that the image file meets the technical requirements indicated therein, in
              particular regarding file format, resolution, dimensions, and aspect ratio;
        c) ensure that the image file complies with these Terms of Use, including the provisions
              of § 6.2 and § 6.4, and does not otherwise infringe the law, third-party rights, or
              Displate standards.
3.39A. A Guest may use the Custom Displates functionality without creating an Account. In such
  case:
        a) prior acceptance of these Terms of Use is required before uploading the file;
        b) the uploaded file is not made publicly available within the Service;
        c) access to the file is provided only within the current session or via another secured
              technical access mechanism enabling continuation of the personalization process;
        d) files that do not result in placing an order are stored only for the period necessary to
              complete the personalization process and are automatically deleted no later than
              within 48 hours.
3.40.   Uploaded image files may be subject to verification using automated means, including
    tools based on artificial intelligence, in order to assess their compliance with these Terms of
    Use, in particular for detecting content that may be unlawful or violate Displate standards
    (e.g., violence, nudity, hate speech as described in § 6.2). The final high-resolution file may
    also undergo additional technical verification during the checkout or order processing stage,
    in order to confirm that the file is not corrupted and can be successfully used for the
    production of the Custom Displate.
3.41.   The Service Provider may offer the User/Guest a free improvement of a low-quality file
    (“upscaler” function) if the file qualifies for enhancement. Any such enhancement will be
    preceded by making a preview of the improved version available. The Service Provider is not
    obliged to offer this function. Use of the upscaler function may involve processing of files by
    external entities acting under separate data processing rules, as described in the Privacy
    Policy.
3.42.   Displate Club Members are entitled to preferential pricing conditions when purchasing
    Custom Displates, in accordance with the information presented on the Service at the time
     of placing the order. Guests or Users may purchase Custom Displates under the pricing
     conditions specified on the Service for their category.
 3.43.   The right of withdrawal of Custom Displates from the sales contract referred to in § 3.24
     is excluded, due to the fact that Custom Displates constitute a personalized product made
     exclusively to the consumer’s specifications and serving to meet their individual needs. The
     Service Provider shall inform the User/Guest of the exclusion of this right before placing an
     order.
 3.44.   The Service Provider is entitled to cancel an order and/or refuse (not to upload) to execute
     an order for Custom Displates and for the Displate Club Member cancel Displate Club fees
     that have been already paid and not to refund them, if in the Service Provider's reasonable
     opinion, such order violates sec. 6.2 and 6.4 of the Terms of Use. The User/Guest waives all
     and any claims against the Service Provider in this respect. The User/Guest will be informed
     of the Service Provider's decision. This notification will include a justification (including,
     among other things, the facts and circumstances on which the decision was based, where
     applicable, information regarding the use of automated means during decision-making,
     including whether the decision was based on content detected or identified using automated
     means, and the legal basis for the decision) as well as information about the available appeal
     procedures (including, in particular, the procedure described in section X of the Terms of Use.
3.45. The Service Provider may make the Displate Style Filters function available as an additional
     option within the Custom Displates offering. This function allows for the stylistic
     transformation of an image file using tools based on artificial intelligence, exclusively for the
     purpose of preparing a design intended for printing as a Custom Displate. The function is
     available to Users or Guests.
3.46. In order to generate a modified version of the image file within the Displate Style Filters
     function, the Service Provider uses external tools based on artificial intelligence provided by
     third parties, in particular Google LLC. Files may be temporarily processed in accordance
     with the principles set out in the Privacy Policy, including within the infrastructure of external
     service providers acting as data processors.
3.47. The Service Provider reserves the right to enable or disable the Displate Style Filters function
     at its sole discretion, without guaranteeing its constant availability. Images generated and
     previously added to the cart will not be removed from it if the function is disabled. Adding a
     product to the cart does not constitute placing an order.
3.48. Uploaded files and generated versions are stored by the Service Provider only for the time
     necessary to operate the Displate Style Filters function or to place an order. Detailed rules
     regarding the storage period and the processing of files are set out in the Privacy Policy.
                                   IV. Account Registration.
4.1.   The User who wishes to create an Account on the Service should:
a) Fill out the Registration form for Users, including providing an email address and Password,
   or—in the case of registration using external authentication services provided by other entities
   operating independently of Displate (Google or Facebook)—provide the necessary data to log
   into such a service;
b) Accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy;
After completing the registration, the Service Provider will send a confirmation email to the User's
email address confirming the creation of the Account. Once the above steps have been
completed, a contract for an Account is concluded between the User and the Service Provider.
The User also has the option to create an account using the Google One Tap Login service. To do
this, he should enter his Google login information in the appropriate window and confirm his
intention to create an account with Displate.
4.2. The Artist/Influencer who wishes to create an Account on the Service should:
a) Fill out the Registration form for Artists/Influencers, including providing an email address,
phone number and Password;
b) Accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy;
c) Confirm the email address by clicking on the activation link sent to the email address provided
in the form.
After completing the registration, the Service Provider will send a confirmation email to the
Artist/Influencer confirming the creation of the Account.
Once the above steps have been completed, a contract for an Account is concluded between the
Artist/Influencer and the Service Provider.
After registering an Account as described above, the Artist/Influencer may also log into the
Service using external authentication services provided by other entities operating independently
of Displate (such as Google or Facebook) by providing the necessary credentials to log into such
a service.
4.3.   The User may choose to make the Account or its part public – which means the ability to
   share with other people the specified information – including the Users name, and arranged
   and grouped Product Models (so called Wishlist and Sets).
4.4.   The Service Provider may enable additional features of the Account (avatars, background
   images) for Users.
4.5.    By default the Account will be private. User may choose the content available for public
   display within the Account and may choose not to display specific content - without providing
   a reason. The User may change the decision multiple times, using the features of the Account.
4.6.    Only Products available in the Service Provider's current sales offer will be displayed in
   the public Accounts- Products that are no longer available for sale or Custom Displate will
   not be displayed at all.
4.7.    The User may decide if the Account shall be visible for the Service Provider’s following
   functionalities of the Website:
a) featured collectors – displaying Users best aligned with Service Provider’s values.
b) inspirations - showcasing Accounts to other Users as part of inspiration and information
   about Displate.
4.8.    The User has the option to convert their Account and register as an Artist/Influencer. To
   do so, they should select the appropriate button on the Service and then change their
   Password via the link provided in a separate email. The User should follow the on-screen
   instructions to complete this process. If the User has not set a nickname on their Account,
   they will be assigned a random one, which can be changed by sending an email to
   [redacted:email]@displate.com. The User who has converted his Account is required to provide any
   missing personal data that the Service Provider requires from the Artist. In particular, this
   includes providing a phone number which is necessary to verify the Artist’s identity via SMS.
4.9.    Future SMS verification may also apply to those users who have changed their Pay Pal
   address or critical information.
4.10.   The Service Provider reserves the right to conduct incidental verification of the
   Registration and the Artist, carried out in good faith and with due diligence, in order to detect,
   identify, and remove illegal content or prevent access to it, or to take necessary measures to
   comply with other legal requirements.
4.11.   The Service Provider reserves the right to block the possibility of using certain words,
   phrases, descriptions, graphics (including but not limited to vulgar, obscene, NSFW,
   duplicate) as part of the features available in the Account – including the Name, description,
   avatar, background image etc.
4.12.   The initial displaying and publication of the Product Model on the Artist’s Account requires
   the Artist’s identity to be verified. The identity verification is carried out via SMS. The Artist will
   receive an automatic SMS message containing an authentication code at the phone number
   provided during Registration. Entering and submitting the authentication code in the
   appropriate window in the Service will constitute an opportunity to publish the Product Model
   by the Artist. Failure by the Artist to provide the authentication code will be considered an
   unsuccessful verification, resulting in the inability to display and publish the Product Model
   on the Artist’s Account.
4.13.    The Service Provider reserves the right to exempt selected Artists from the SMS identity
   verification requirement referred to in section 4.5 above.
4.14.    Following successful registration, the Artist/User/Influencer gains access to the Account,
   which is in each case provided by the Service Provider upon entering the Password and e-mail
   address.
4.15.    During the Registration and while using the Service, the Artist/User/Influencer is obliged
   to:
         a) provide true, accurate and current data that is not misleading and does not infringe
             the rights of third parties;
         b) update the data provided in the registration form immediately after any changes to
             that data. Data updates are made via the Account;
         c) keep the Password confidential and not to disclose it to others.
4.16.    The Artist/User/Influencer has exclusive liability for the contents of the data provided by
   the Artist/User/Influencer, as well as for the choice of the Name and Password, including
   liability for any possible infringement of third party rights in connection with the selection of
   the Name and Password. The Artist/User/Influencer also takes exclusive liability for the
   disclosure of the Password to third parties.
4.17.    Every person who completes the Registration on behalf of an organisational entity with
   legal capacity (e.g. registered partnership, limited partnership) or a legal person (e.g. limited
   liability company, joint-stock company), as well as on behalf of a civil law partnership, states
   and declares that he or she is fully authorised to conclude the Agreement on behalf and in the
   name of this organisational entity, legal person or civil law partnership.
4.18.    The Service Provider reserves the right to delete Accounts and to withhold or limit the
   ability to upload the Product Models on Accounts that exhibit characteristics of duplicate or
   fake accounts. This particularly applies to Accounts that show similarities in profile,
   published Product Models, used addresses, or the use of the same PayPal account, or that
   indicate they were created using automated tools (e.g., bots). The Artist/User/Influencer will
   be informed of the Service Provider's decision. This notification will include a justification
   (including, among other things, the facts and circumstances on which the decision was
   based, where applicable, information regarding the use of automated means during decision-
   making, including whether the decision was based on content detected or identified using
   automated means, the legal basis for the decision, explanations of why the information is
   considered illegal content based on this, the contractual basis for the decision, and
   explanations of why the information is considered non-compliant with that basis) as well as
   information about the available appeal procedures (including, in particular, the procedure
   described in section X of the Terms of Use).


                        V. Termination of the Services Agreement.
5.1.   Each Party shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect, without
   prejudice to the rights acquired by the other Party prior to the termination of the Agreement.
   There is no minimum period during which the Agreement may not be terminated. All orders
   from Users for Products based on Product Models by a particular Artist that are placed before
   termination will be completed.
5.2.   The Service Provider, when intending to terminate the Agreement, will inform, the
   Artist/User/Influencer providing a justification for such a decision (including, among other
   things, the facts and circumstances on which the decision was based, where applicable,
   information regarding the use of automated means during decision-making, including
   whether the decision was based on content detected or identified using automated means,
   the legal basis for the decision, and explanations of why the information is considered non-
   compliant with that basis). The information will be sent to the email address provided by the
   Artist/User/Influencer during Registration. The decision to terminate the Agreement can be
   appealed, including in accordance with the procedure described in section X of these Terms
   of Use.
5.3.   Termination of the Agreement by the Artist/User/Influencer is effected by them by deletion
   of the relevant Account, which involves making a request on the Service’s website. All data
   and the Product Models will be irreversibly and immediately deleted at the time of account
   removal subject to certain data which the Service Provider may use also thereafter in order to
   comply with its legal obligations (please refer to our Privacy Policy for details). Moreover, the
   Artist/User/Influencer waives all and any claims against the Service Provider in this respect.
5.4.   The Service Provider shall be also entitled to terminate the Agreement with the
   Artist/User/ Influencer with immediate effect if the Artist/User/Influencer, respectively,
   breaches at least one of the following paragraphs of the Terms of Use: 4.9., 4.10., 4.11., 4.12.,
   6.1., 6.2., 6.3., 7.1., as well as if at least one of the circumstances referred to in paragraphs
   7.5. a) to 7.5. b) of the Terms of Use occurs. In this case, the Account will be deleted
   immediately after the justified notice of termination of the Agreement is sent to sending the
   termination notice to the Artist/User/Influencer, subject to the preservation of the Parties'
   acquired rights. The decision to terminate the Agreement can be appealed in accordance with
   the procedure described in section X of the Terms of Use. However, in the event the Service
   Provider terminates an Agreement with the Artist/Influencer, the Service Provider reserves the
   right to suspend the performance of those Users’ orders for Products that are based on such
   Artist’s/Influencer’s Product Models and were submitted before the date of termination. The
   Artist/Influencer waives all and any claims against the Service Provider in this respect.
5.5.   The Service Provider is entitled to cancel fees described in sec. 3.9. – 3.20. above, with
   respect to the Artist/Influencer who has breached para. 7.1.e) below. The Artist/Influencer
   waives all and any claims against the Service Provider in this respect. The Artist/Influencer
   will be informed of the Service Provider's decision. This notification will include a justification
   (including, among other things, the facts and circumstances on which the decision was
   based, where applicable, information regarding the use of automated means during decision-
   making, including whether the decision was based on content detected or identified using
   automated means, and the legal basis for the decision) as well as information about the
   available appeal procedures (including, in particular, the procedure described in section X of
   the Terms of Use.
  VI. Compliance of Product Models with law and reporting of potential violations.
6.1.   The Artist represents and warrants that:
       a) it holds (e.g. is the owner, licensee or lessee of) the copyrights, related rights, right of
           publicity, and industrial property rights (e.g. trademark rights) or other necessary
           rights to Product Models to the extent required to perform the Agreement and to
           modify, develop and enhance the Products on the Website, as well as to use them by
           the Users in a manner consistent with applicable law and without violation of the
           rights of third parties;
       b) it has the full power to enter into this Agreement and it does not require the approval
           or acceptance of any third party (and if required, it has been granted);
       c) the Product Models do not violate applicable law or the rights of third parties; and
       d) the Product Models made available do not contain any defects, non-conformity,
           errors or failures. Otherwise, the Artist will promptly take every action permitted by
           law in order to remedy this state of affairs, and in the absence of a reasonable
           possibility thereof, the Artist will cover the associated damage suffered by the Service
           Provider.
6.2.   In particular, it is forbidden to place on the Website any Product Models, comments,
   descriptions, content, and Accounts that:
       a) violate the rights of third parties, including the rights of the Service Provider, Artists or
           Users (e.g. are offensive or are a threat directed at other people or could be
           considered as such);
         b) violate applicable law;
         c) contain any indecent content (e.g. through the use of vulgar language in a way that
              violates accepted norms, obscene images, or words which are generally considered
              offensive);
         d) serve to promote the goods or services of the Service Provider’s competitors;
         e) violate trade secret or data protection regulations;
         f)   violate provisions of applicable law other than those listed above;
         g) otherwise violate the provisions of the Terms of Use, social or moral standards
              (e.g. contain content promoting violence, pornographic content, content inciting
              racial, religious, ethnic hatred, or praising such unlawful behaviour, content violating
              religious feelings or discriminating on any grounds);
         h) contain external links.
6.3 Moreover, it is forbidden to the Artist/User/Influencer/ to:
        a) make direct references from Google Ads to displate.com domain;
        b) make direct references from other sources of advertisement (Facebook
              advertisements, Text ads) to displate.com domain, except for the sources belonging
              to the Artist/User/Influencer;
        c) use the word Displate or another similar sounding word (e.g. with typing errors,
              additional ending, etc.) in domains and social media account names, as a keyword in
              Google Ads and similar advertising systems;
        d) use the domain name Displate* as a keyword;
        e) use Displate name and logotype in the advertising materials (banners, videos, etc.)
              except of these provided by Displate;
        f)    use links related to Share and Earn on coupons/cashback sites.
6.4 The Service Provider Statement: Displate places great emphasis on creating and sharing
    content that aligns with our community standards and legal regulations. Our policies are
    designed to promote a positive and safe environment for all Users/Artists/Influencers. By
    creating and sharing their Products Model on Displate, Artists and Influencers agree to adhere
    to the following principles:
    a) respect for others: Content that promotes hate, discrimination, violence, harassment, or
    other harmful behavior is strictly prohibited. Let’s respect diversity and different points of
    view.
    b) safety and legal compliance: It is forbidden to create and share content that violates laws,
    promotes dangerous behavior, or may be misleading.
    c) content of a pornographic, obscene, or extremely controversial nature is not allowed.
6.5 Displate reserves the right to remove content that violates the rules set out in sections 6.2 –
   6.4 above and to take appropriate measures against Accounts that repeatedly breach these
   rules.
6.6 The violation report related to the points 6.2, 6.3 and 6.4. should be sent at
   [redacted:email]@displate.com and contain at least the details of the reporting entity (i.e. full name,
   email address, address), specify the nature of the violation (i.e. information on alleged
   infringement) and indicate the Product Model(s), comments, descriptions or other content
   which the report concerns so that they can be identified on the Website (i.e. provide specific
   Internet links). Moreover, the Service Provider reserves the right to request from the
   Artist/User/Influencer a proof of all activities related to the source of traffic.
[Protection of intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties]
6.7.   The Service Provider’s statement: Displate is a community built upon respect for the
   Artists/Influencers and their intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property
   rights of third parties. Displate has a zero tolerance policy for intellectual property rights
   infringement. Therefore, we ask our Artists/Influencers to keep it in mind each time they are
   uploading content to Displate. The Artists/Influencers are required to upload works which do
   not infringe upon the copyrights, moral rights, publicity rights, privacy rights or any other rights
   of any person or third party, or violate any law or judicial or governmental order. In simple
   words, stealing other people's works and passing it as their own is against the law and against
   what Displate stands and will stand for.
6.8.   Should the Artist/Influencer/User or any third party become aware of any Product Models,
   comments, descriptions or other content posted on the Website that violate the provisions of
   the Terms of Use, the rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights) or
   applicable law, such Artist, Influencer, User or third party must immediately report that fact
   by contacting the Website and filling the form provided here.
6.9.   The violation report referred to above should contain at least the details of the reporting
   entity (i.e. full name, email address, address), specify the nature of the violation (i.e.
   information on alleged infringement) and indicate the Product Model(s), comments,
   descriptions or other content which the report concerns so that they can be identified on the
   Website (i.e. provide specific Internet links) and the proof of copyrights. The above report
   should also confirm that the usage of the Product Model(s) on the Website is not authorized
   and the violation report is accurate and provided by the authorized person. The above report
   should contain a handwritten or electronic signature of the reporting entity or its
   representative (in which case the power of attorney should be attached).
 6.10.   The User/Artist/Influencer is to no extent entitled to reproduce, record, publicly display or
     otherwise use the Product Models. The above does not apply to cases expressly indicated in
     the Terms of Use, e.g. sharing link within Share and Earn.
 6.11.   The Service Provider may, in good faith and with due diligence, voluntarily conduct checks
     on its own initiative or take other measures aimed at detecting, identifying, and removing
     content that infringes third-party rights or is illegal, or to prevent access to such content or
     take other necessary measures to comply with legal requirements. However, in case of
     receipt of an official notification or gaining credible of the illegal nature of any Product Models
     or any activities associated therewith information (par.6.7. and 6.8. above), the Service
     Provider will immediately prevent access to such Product Models.
6.12. Moreover, the Service Provider has registered a designated agent, responsible for receiving
     notifications of claimed copyright infringement. This agent can be reached by email at
     [redacted:email]@displate.com. Moreover, if you believe the Artist/Influencer is infringing the copyright
     rights of you or someone you represent, please complete the takedown request available at
     https://displate.com/takedown-request.
6.13. In accordance with Displate’s zero tolerance policy for intellectual property infringement, if
     the Service Provider is made aware that the Artist/Influencer has infringed the copyright or
     other intellectual property rights of a third party, the Service Provider has the right to terminate
     the Artist’s/Influencer’s account and remove all of the Artist’s content from Displate’s
     Website, while adhering to the rights and principles described in these Terms of Use.
                                      VII. Use of the Website.
 7.1.    The Artist/User/Influencer is obliged, in particular, to:
         a) use the Website in a way that does not distort its functioning, in particular through the
             use of certain software or devices;
         b) refrain from actions such as: sending and/or posting any unsolicited commercial
             communication on the Website; multiple Registration of the Artist/User/Influencer on
             the Website; using the Accounts of other Artists/Users/Influencers or sharing their
             Account with other Artists/Users/Influencers; taking any information technology
             actions or any other actions to acquire possession of the Passwords of other
             Artists/Users/Influencers and to refrain from creating Accounts that exhibit
             characteristics of duplicate and/or fake accounts, including Accounts that show
             similarities in profile, published the Product Models, email addresses, or the use of
             the same PayPal account, or that publish the Product Models that are duplicated or
             strikingly similar to those already existing on the Service, or that are labeled with,
             among other things, misleading tags, descriptions, titles, or other identifiers;
         c) use the Website without causing inconvenience to other Artists/Users and the Service
             Providers and with respect for their rights
         d) keep the Password secret and make every effort to prevent third parties from gaining
             possession of the Password;
         e) not using the Service for the purpose of any illegal activity, that are dishonest or
             contrary to good practices.
7.2.     Inactive Accounts, i.e. not used for more than three (3) months from last login may be
   removed without notice. Chapter V above applies accordingly.
7.3.     The Artist/User/Influencer is solely responsible for the acts performed on the Website
   using a valid Name and Password.
7.4.     The Artist/User/Influencer is obliged to immediately notify the Service Provider of any
   violation of her/his rights to the Name and/or Password, as well as of any case of violation of
   the principles set out in these Terms of Use, in particular of any violations of the rules relating
   to the posting of Product Model on the Website.
7.5.     Notwithstanding any other rights described in the Terms of Use, the Service Provider may
   deprive the Artist/User/Influencer of her/his right to use of the Website (by blocking or deleting
   her/his Account), and may limit her/his access to part or all of the resources of the Website
   or the Services offered through the Website with immediate effect if the Artist/User/Influencer
   violates these Terms of Use, and in particular if the Artist/User/Influencer:
         a) provided details during Registration on the Website which are untrue, inaccurate or
             outdated, misleading or violate the rights of third parties;
         b) otherwise behaves contrary to the general principles of using the Internet, in conflict
             with the objectives of the Website or in a manner detrimental to the good name of the
             Service Provider.
7.6.     The User/Artist/Influencer will be informed of the decision mentioned in section 7.5 by the
   Service Provider. This notification will include a justification (including, among other things,
   the facts and circumstances on which the decision was based, where applicable, information
   regarding the use of automated means during decision-making, including whether the
   decision was based on content detected or identified using automated means, and the legal
   basis for the decision) as well as information about the available appeal procedures
   (including, in particular, the procedure described in section X of the Terms of Use).
   [Verified Creators Program]
7.7. Within the Website, the Service Provider may operate the Verified Creators Program, the
       purpose of which is to distinguish selected Creators. The Verified Creators Program
    constitutes an additional functionality of the Website and has an informational and
    promotional character.
7.8. Within the Verified Creators Program, the Service Provider may mark selected Accounts of
    Artists and/or Influencers as “Verified” and present such Accounts and the related Product
    Models, in particular through:
        a) visible marking of an Account or Product Models (badge or other equivalent
           designation),
        b) dedicated lists, pages or sections of the Website, including pages based on search
           mechanisms,
        c) the possibility to filter or browse Product Models published by Verified Creators.
7.9. The granting of the Verified Creator status is at the discretion of the Service Provider. In
    making such decisions, the Service Provider may use recommendations, dedicated tools or
    opinions of the Website community. The fulfilment of any criteria, including those indicated
    in section 4 below, does not create any right or claim on the part of the Artist and/or
    Influencer to obtain, maintain or restore such status.
7.10.     When granting, maintaining, suspending or revoking the Verified Creator status, the
    Service Provider may in particular take into account:
    a)       Account activity within the meaning of point 4a of the Terms and Regulations,
    b)       compliance of Product Models with the Terms and Regulations, including the
             prohibition of duplication,
    c)       the history of compliance with applicable laws, the Terms and Regulations and the
             Website standards,
    d)       the overall quality, consistency and reliability of the activity of the Artist and/or
             Influencer within the Website,
    e)       other factors related to the creative activity of the Artist or Influencer within the
             Website, including community recommendations, engagement or other qualitative
             aspects assessed by the Service Provider.
7.11.     The Verified Creator status does not constitute:
    a)       confirmation of authorship, legality or non-infringement of third-party rights by specific
             Product Models,
    b)       a guarantee of the quality, sales or availability of Product Models,
    c)       a change to the rules of responsibility of the Artist/Influencer specified in Chapters VI
             and XI of the Terms and Regulations.
7.12.     The Verified Creator status may be revoked or suspended at any time, in particular in the
   event of:
    a)      violation of the Terms and Regulations or applicable law,
    b)      identification of violations of the duplication prohibition, intellectual property rights or
            the principles set out in Chapter VI of the Terms and Regulations,
    c)      loss of the characteristics of an Active Account,
    d)      provision of false or misleading information by the Verified Creator.
7.13. Revocation, suspension or refusal to grant the Verified Creator status does not limit the
    rights of the Service Provider resulting from the Terms and Regulations, in particular those
    specified in point 3.3 and Chapters VI, VII and XI, and does not affect the possibility of
    publishing, modifying or removing Product Models under the rules set out in the Terms and
    Regulations.
7.14. Decisions regarding the Verified Creator status may be communicated to the Verified
    Creator in accordance with the rules set out in the Terms and Regulations. The complaint
    and appeal procedures specified in Chapter X of the Terms and Regulations shall apply
    accordingly to such decisions.
7.15. The Verified Creators Program, its rules and the manner of presenting Verified Creators may
    be changed, suspended or terminated by the Service Provider at any time in accordance with
    the provisions of the Terms and Regulations.


                                        VIII. Displate Club.
[General provisions]
8.38.    The Service Provider offers Users the opportunity to conclude a subscription agreement
    under the conditions described in these Terms of Use - to become a Displate Club Member.
8.39. A Displate Club member may be a person who has an Account on the Website at the latest
        at the time of concluding the Displate Club Membership Agreement.
8.40. The Displate Club membership agreement constitutes an electronic service provided by
        the Service Provider at a distance and is addressed to Users who are natural persons not
        running a business and who have their residence in the only one of the selected countries.
8.41. As part of the Displate Club Membership Agreement, a Displate Club Member has the
        opportunity to: set an individual nickname (in accordance with the Terms of Use); an
        individual avatar (with certain technical parameters, in accordance with the Terms of Use),
        a header (with certain technical parameters, in accordance with the Terms of Use), as well
        as a short description (limited to 200 characters); view the detailed order history, and has
        the opportunity to enjoy the following benefits:
             a. free delivery of Products regardless of the value of the order (“Free Shipping”) from
                 the next order after the conclusion of the Displate Club Membership Agreement
            b. receiving individual discount codes for Products (“Discount Codes”)
            c. ordering Custom Displates under preferential conditions
            d. ability to display the Displate Club Member’s collection of Products (“Displate
               Collection”);
            e. access to early ordering of Limited Edition and Ultra Limited Edition Products
               (“Early Access”).
[Free Shipping]
8.42. The costs referred to in 8.4.a shall include only the costs of delivery of the ordered
     Product(s) by courier or to a parcel machine or service point indicated by the User as part
     of the execution of the next order after the conclusion of the Displate Club Membership
     Agreement - it does not include the costs associated with customs duties, taxes or other
     public charges which the User is obliged to pay, in particular the charges referred to in
     paragraph 3.26 above.
[Discount Codes]
8.43. Discount Codes referred to in 8.3.b enable the purchase of the Product with a discount
     specified by the Service Provider - at a price reduced in relation to the price indicated on the
     Site as the price before the discount, by the percentage specified in the discount code.
8.44. The Displate Club Member's discount code shall not be combined with other discount
     codes (especially promotional codes).
8.45. The discount code cannot be used for the purchase of the following Textra Products,
     Limited Edition/Ultra Limited Edition, Displate Stand.
8.46. The amount of discount granted to the Displate Club Member is individual and depends on,
     among other things, the value of the Initial Order. When the Subscription Fee is in the form
     of a Flat Subscription Fee, the amount of discount is granted at the level specified by the
     Service Provider.
[Displate Collection]
8.47. A Displate Club Member may display the ordered Products within the Account in the form
     of a graphic collection (Displate Collection), as well as share the Displate Collection with
     other people.
8.48. A Displate Club Member may choose to display within the Displate Collection Products
     purchased prior to the creation of the Account using the email address currently assigned
     to the Account - this requires the appropriate consent on the Website. In doing so, only
     Products available in the Service Provider's current sales offer will be displayed in the
     Displate Collection - Products that are no longer available for sale will not be displayed at
     all.
8.49. A Displate Club Member may choose not to display a Product in the Displate Collection,
      with or without providing a reason. The Service Provider shall use the information about the
      reason for hiding Displate for statistical purposes anonymizing the data.
[Early Access]
8.50. The Displate Club Member will receive information from the Service Provider about the
      possibility of ordering a Limited Edition or Ultra Limited Edition Product 24 hours before this
      option becomes available to the public.
8.51. The Displate Club Member will have the opportunity to purchase the indicated Products on
      this date on a general basis.
[Conclusion of Displate Club Membership Agreement - becoming a Displate Club Member]
8.52. Conclusion of the Displate Club Membership Agreement is possible:
           a. When placing the Initial Order, selecting in the shopping cart the option to join the
                 Displate Club for the indicated price (either Dynamic Subscription Fee or Flat
                 Subscription Fee – depending which has lower price – as per. 8.27-8.37 below).
                 and making payment for the Product or Products ordered under the Initial Order
                 and for the Subscription Fee for the first billing period;
           b. By concluding the Displate Club Membership Agreement based on the data
                 contained in the dedicated website available only to logged-in users with an
                 Account on the Website, determining the Subscription Fee based on the value of
                 the previous order assigned to the email address from the last 200 days prior to
                 the date of concluding the Displate Club Membership Agreement treated as the
                 Original Order - as a result of payment of the Subscription Fee for the first billing
                 period;
8.53. User who is logged in to the Account and has an associated Initial Order and currently has
      Products in the shopping cart that potentially enable the conclusion of a Displate Club
      Membership Agreement will be informed on the Website (the page dedicated to Displate
      Club) of all variants of the Displate Club Membership Agreement available to the User
      (including the amount of discounts available under the Displate Club Membership
      Agreement) and the amount of the Subscription Fee for one billing period in all variants. In
      such a situation, when concluding the Subscription Agreement, it may choose that variant
      which it considers more favourable.
8.54. As the Service Provider's provision of the Displate Club membership contract to the User
      requires having an Account, when the Initial Order is placed by:
           a. User who has an Account, but who is not logged in - the Initial Order is assigned to
                 the email address used in this order and used within the Account;
           b. User who does not have an Account - the User will be asked to create an account
               under the conditions described in these Terms of Use.
8.55. The User may join Displate Club only once at a time.
8.56. The Displate Club Membership Agreement is concluded through the Service when the User
      clicks the function marked “CHECKOUT” in the purchase process and makes the required
      payment using one of the available payment methods (e.g. PayPal, GPay or credit card) or
      by using the Express Checkout payment method described in 3.22 above. Available
      payment methods may vary depending on the User's country of purchase and the payment
      provider assigned to that country (e.g. Adyen or Braintree). The contract is not valid in the
      absence of actual payment. The Service Provider considers the conclusion of the contract
      to be on the date and time in effect at the Service Provider's premises, except if this would
      be contrary to the regulations for the protection of the User who is a consumer.. Available
      payment methods may vary depending on the User's country of purchase and the payment
      provider assigned to that country (e.g. Adyen or Braintree). The contract is not valid in the
      absence of actual payment. The Service Provider considers the conclusion of the contract
      to be on the date and time in effect at the Service Provider's premises, except if this would
      be contrary to the regulations for the protection of the User who is a consumer.
8.57. The final terms of the Displate Club membership contract will be summarized at the final
      stage of the purchase process. At that time, the Service Provider will inform about the final
      amount of the Subscription Fee, the method of its payment (including automatic renewal
      of the subscription), as well as the minimum duration of the Displate Club Membership
      Agreement, and the right to withdraw from the contract.
[Duration of the Displate Club Membership Agreement]
8.58. The Displate Club Membership Agreement is concluded on the date of execution of the
      agreement by the User under the Terms of Use described above and is valid for an indefinite
      period of time, with the minimum duration of the Displate Club Membership Agreement
      being one month.
8.59. A Displate Club Member may withdraw from the Displate Club Membership Agreement
      through the Service, without giving any reason, by submitting an appropriate declaration
      within 14 (fourteen) days from the date of its conclusion. In the event of withdrawal from
      the Agreement, it shall be considered not concluded. The Service Provider undertakes to
      return the Subscription Fee to the User immediately, but no later than within 14 (fourteen)
      days of receipt of the statement. A withdrawal form is available in the Displate Club
      Member profile.
8.60. The Displate Club Membership Agreement renews for the next month automatically, except
     when it is impossible to collect the Subscription Fee.
8.61. A Displate Club Member may terminate the Displate Club Membership Agreement at any
     time, without giving any reason, by submitting a statement within the Account
     administration panel.
8.62. The Displate Club Membership Agreement shall be automatically terminated as a result of
     termination of the Agreement pursuant to Section V of the Terms and Conditions. The
     Service Provider is entitled not to refund the Subscription Fees that have already been paid
     by the User.
8.63. Resignation or termination of the Displate Club Membership Agreement shall be effective
     at the end of the billing period in which the effective resignation or termination occurred.
[Subscription Fees and Billing Periods]
8.64. The Subscription Fee amount may be determined as either a Dynamic Subscription Fee or
     Flat Subscription Fee.
8.65. Dynamic Subscription Fee is calculated individually for each User and depend:
           a. In the case referred to in 8.15.a - on the detailed configuration of the Initial Order
               (i.e. quantity, size, finishing and framing of the ordered Products)
           b. In the case referred to in 8.15.b - on the detailed configuration of the last Order
               assigned to the User's email address from the last 200 days since the payment of
               this Order (if the order was placed more than 200 days before the period of 200
               days, this option is unavailable).
8.66. In the case of ordering two or more Products during the Initial Order, the Dynamic
     Subscription Fee will be calculated based on the value of each Product, notwithstanding
     that the value of Products such as the mounting system and the Displate Stand are not
     included in the calculation of the Subscription Fee.
8.67. The Flat Subscription Fee is an alternative to the above mentioned Dynamic Subscription
     Fee in which the subscription fee is not dependent on the Order value, but is predetermined
     by the Service Provider. The Flat Subscription Fee may be offered to the Users by the Service
     Provider temporarily.
8.68. The User will be informed about the Subscription Fee amount when concluding the Displate
     Club Membership Agreement. The Subscription Fee is specified in one of the currencies
     available for the Displate Club Membership Agreements and selected by the User when
     placing the Order. If the User is eligible for different Subscription Fees (either Dynamic
     Subscription Fee or Flat Subscription Fee), the User will be informed about best offer
     according to the Service Provider - other offers will not be – by default - displayed in the
      Cart. All Subscription Fee options available for the User shall be visible at the dedicated
      Displate Club website, and if added to the cart shall be available for purchase.
8.69. The Subscription Fee amount shall not change during the billing period. The Service
      Provider may increase the amount of the Subscription Fee. In the event of a change in the
      amount of the Subscription Fee, Service Provider will notify the Displate Club Member of
      the proposed change in a message that will be sent to the Account or email address and
      will be available in the Displate Club Member's profile on the Website. If the Displate Club
      Member fails to terminate the Agreement in the manner provided for in the Terms and
      Conditions within one month from the date of receipt of the notification of the change, such
      change shall be deemed accepted - it will be effective from the next billing period.
8.70. The Displate Club Member may change the Subscription Fee from a Dynamic Subscription
      Fee to a Flat Subscription Fee or from Flat Subscription Fee to Dynamic Subscription Fee
      by termination by the User of the current Displate Club Subscription Agreement. To make
      such a change the User will have to click 'Cancel Memebership' button on the User's
      account. After the current billing period ends, the User will be able to choose the preferred
      Subscription type. In such a case no refund on billed periods is available. If the change is
      done before the end of 12 consecutive billing periods, the Displate Club Voucher
      mentioned in section 8.38 bellow shall not be available to the Displate Club Member. In
      such a situation the Displace Club Voucher shall be available only after full 12 billing
      periods since the above mentioned change have passed. Subscription Fees are billed on a
      monthly basis.
8.71. Subscription Fees are billed on a monthly basis.
8.72. The first billing period shall begin on the date of execution of the Subscription Agreement
      and shall continue until the expiration of the same date in the following calendar month.
      Each subsequent billing period shall commence on the day following the end of the
      previous billing period.
8.73. The Subscription Fees for a given billing period shall be charged by the Service Provider in
      advance after the start of a given billing period. The charge shall be made using the payment
      method selected by the Displate Club Member (e.g. PayPal, GPay, credit card), from among
      the available payment methods. Available payment methods may vary depending on the
      User's country of purchase and the payment provider assigned to that country (e.g., Adyen
      or Braintree). The Displate Club Member may change the payment method for Subscription
      Fees during the term of the Subscription Agreement in his/her Account.
           a. If the Subscription Fee is not collected the Displate Club Member will be informed
               by an email indicating the need to pay the Subscription Fee and by a notice on the
               Website regarding the update of the payment method.
           b. If the Subscription Fee is not collected within the next 10 days, the Displate Club
               Member will be informed by an email message indicating the need to settle the
               Subscription Fee and by information on the Website regarding the update of the
               payment method.
           c. If the Subscription Fee is still not collected within 20 (twenty) days from the start
               date of the relevant billing period, the Displate Club Membership Agreement will
               be automatically terminated, of which the Displate Member will be immediately
               informed by an email message.
8.74. As soon as the Subscription Fee for a given billing period has been collected, the Service
     Provider will issue an electronic VAT invoice to the Displate Club Member. The Subscription
     Fee shall be the gross amount including VAT at the appropriate rate in accordance with
     applicable law.
[Displate Club Voucher]
8.75. As part of the Displate Club Membership Agreement, a Displate Club Member who pays the
     Subscription Fees for 12 (twelve) consecutive billing periods shall, in each 12 (twelfth)
     month of the Displate Club Membership Agreement, obtain from the Service Provider a
     Displate Club Voucher with a value:
     a)      For Displate Club members with a Flat Subscription fee - based on the value of one
             M size Displate in the finish with the highest price (excluding Limited Edition);
     b)      For Displate Club members with a Dynamic Subscription Fee - equal to the amount
             associated with the purchase of the Products under the Initial Order, whereby for
             the purposes of the Voucher, the Service Provider recognizes that:
           a. the Limited Edition, Ultra Limited Edition Products ordered shall be converted by
               the Service Provider into the corresponding non-Limited Edition or Ultra Limited
               Edition Products, assuming a “matte” finish for them;
           b. for the amount of the Original Order, the Service Provider shall assume the value
               of the Products without taking into account promotions, discounts and others,
               even if they were actually charged.
8.76. Displate Club Voucher is given to the Displate Club Member within the Account and to the
     email address assigned to the Displate Club Member's account. The Displate Club Voucher
     is issued in the currency in which the Initial Order was processed and can only be redeemed
     in countries to which the Service Provider sells in that currency.
8.77. Displate Club Voucher entitles the Displate Club Member, within its validity period, to
      purchase Products available on the Site.
8.78. Displate Club Voucher is individual in nature and may only be used by the Displate Club
      Member to whose Account it was assigned. The Displate Club Voucher may only be used
      once, and therefore the difference between the value of a given Displate Club Voucher and
      the value of the Products purchased using it may not be used to make another Order using
      the Displate Club Voucher.
8.79. Redemption of the Displate Club Voucher requires the Displate Club Member to select the
      Products to be covered by the Displate Club Voucher as part of the Order placement and to
      enter the Displate Club Voucher code in the dedicated field as part of the Order placement.
      Use of the Displate Club Voucher requires the User to be logged into the Account (it is not
      possible to use it as a guest). As part of the Displate Club Voucher redemption, the Displate
      Club Member is required to provide the buyer's details (for the purpose of issuing a VAT
      invoice) and the recipient's details (for the purpose of delivering the Products), if different
      from the buyer's details. The buyer's country and the recipient's country must be the same.
      The purchaser's data and the recipient's data for the purpose of redeeming the Voucher
      may differ from the purchaser's data and the recipient's data provided for the purpose of
      the Initial Order.
8.80. Displate Club Voucher is valid and may be redeemed within 90 (ninety) days from the date
      of its delivery to the Displate Club Participant. Displate Club Voucher not used within the
      validity period becomes invalid and is not exchangeable for a new one.
8.81. The Displate Club Member:
            a. shall not be entitled to a refund of the value of the Displate Club Voucher not used
                within the validity period.
            b. shall not be entitled to a refund of the value of the Displate Club Voucher or
                Products obtained through the redemption of the Displate Club Voucher.
8.82. Displate Club Voucher is not exchangeable for cash in whole or in part.
8.83. The Displate Club Member shall not be entitled to a refund of the value of any unused
      Displate Club Voucher, including a credit against Subscription Fees or an increase in the
      value of subsequent Displate Club Vouchers.
8.84. A Displate Club Member shall not be entitled to a refund of Products received in fulfilment
      of a Displate Club Voucher. In case the Products are delivered with defects, the Service
      Provider shall immediately replace the defective Products with defect-free Products or
      remove the defects.
                             IX. Gift Cards (Displate Gift Cards).
[General provisions]
9.38. The Service Provider allows the Users to purchase Gift Cards under the conditions
      described in these Terms of Use. The User has the option to schedule the delivery of the Gift
      Card on a specific date, no later than 30 days from the date of purchase.
9.39. The purchase of a Gift Card requires submission of an appropriate instruction on the
      Website and payment of the nominal value of the Gift Card. Immediately after making the
      payment for the Gift Card, the User will receive the Gift Card in the form of an e-mail
      containing a string of characters, to the e-mail address provided when placing the order to
      purchase a Gift Card.
9.40. Payment for a Gift Card can only be made using one of the available payment methods (e.g.,
      PayPal, GPay, or credit card). The available payment methods may vary depending on the
      User’s country of purchase and the payment provider associated with that country (e.g.,
      Adyen or Braintree). The payment for the Gift Card cannot be made using another Gift Card
      or a discount code.
9.41. The Gift Card can only be purchased in GBP, EUR and USD.
9.42. The Gift Card is valid and active for a period of 1 (one) year from the date of its purchase.
      After expiry of the Gift Card, no transaction may be processed using such Gift Card.
9.43. The Gift Card cannot be exchanged for cash in whole or in part, also in case the Gift Card
      was not used within its validity period.
9.44. One Gift Card can only be used to purchase one Product among the available variants (M
      matte, M gloss, L matte, L gloss, M textra, L textra, without frame) and to pay for its delivery
      and handling costs. The Gift Card does not cover custom duties (if any) which shall be borne
      by the User. In the case of a Gift Card assigned to a specific variant, the card may only be
      used to purchase that specific variant.
9.45. The Service Provider reserves the right to suspend or terminate the Gift Card program at any
      time. The Gift Card Users will be informed about the suspension or termination of the
      program in advance, in the manner specified in section 12.4 below.
[Terms of use]
9.46. The Gift Card may be redeemed by the User by purchasing the Product and covering its
      shipping and handling costs, in accordance with section 9.7 above, in exchange for the
      payment made using the Gift Card.
9.47. The Gift Card can be redeemed on the Website on a dedicated page. The User is not
      required to have an Account in order to redeem the Gift Card.
9.48. Within one Gift Card transaction, the User may purchase only one Product and cover its
      shipping and handling costs in accordance with section 9.7 above. The User cannot within
      one transaction purchase several Products using several Gift Cards or using the Gift Card
      and another payment method.
9.49. The Gift Card can only be redeemed once.
9.50. The Gift Card may only be used to make payment in the currency in which it was paid for.
9.51. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Service Provider shall not be liable for the use of
      the Gift Card by a third party, as well as for the loss or damage of the Gift Card due to a
      cause beyond the Service Provider's control, after it has been provided to the User.
[Returns and complaints]
9.52. The User may return the Gift Card (i.e. withdraw from the Gift Card purchase agreement)
      within 100 (one hundred) days from the date of purchase, provided that the Gift Card has
      not been redeemed.
9.53. The User may return the Gift Card by submitting a relevant declaration to the e-mail
      address: [redacted:email]@displate.com. A withdrawal form from the Gift Card purchase
      agreement is available on the Website (click here to access the document). The Service
      Provider verifies whether the Gift Card that the User wishes to return is active, i.e. not
      previously redeemed. After a positive verification, Service Provider shall immediately,
      however, no later than within 14 (fourteen) days from receiving the User's declaration on
      returning the Gift Card, refund the amount equivalent to the nominal value of the Gift Card
      using the same method of payment that the User used to pay for the Gift Card. The returned
      Gift Card is deactivated and cannot be used.
9.54. Any complaints related to the purchase and use of the Gift Cards shall be dealt with by the
      Service Provider in accordance with the general rules set forth in these Terms of Use.
9.55. The User who purchased the Product using the Gift Card may return or make a complaint
      about that Product on the general terms and conditions described in these Terms of Use.
      In the event of a return of a Product purchased by a Gift Card (based on a complaint or
      withdrawal from the Product purchase agreement), the nominal value of such Gift Card in
      a currency in which it was purchased (corresponding to the value of the returned Product
      and its shipping and handling cost), will be refunded to the User who purchased the relevant
      Gift Card using the payment method used to purchase that Gift Card.
                            X. Complaints and Appeal Procedure
10.38. In the course of using the Service, the Artist/User/Influencer is obliged to immediately
      notify the Service Provider of any irregularities, faults or interruptions in the functioning of
      the Website and poor quality of the Service.
10.39. Any irregularities, faults or interruptions in the functioning of the Service or its poor quality
      may be reported at the following address: [redacted:email]@displate.com or by phone on the
      following phone number + 1 (417) 497-2372.
10.40. Through the Website, the Service Provider enables the following:
        a) obtaining of information about the Website;
        b) receipt of the reports referred to in par. 10.2. above;
        c) help with Registration by the Artist/User/Influencer;
        d) lodging of a complaint;
        e) reporting the Product Models or other content that, in the User's opinion, do not
            comply with applicable laws or the Terms of Use of the Service.
10.41. In the case of any possible non-compliance of the Service with these Terms, the User may
      submit a complaint to the address: [redacted:email]@displate.com or by phone on the following
      phone number +1 (417) 497-2372. The complaint shall be examined by the Service Provider
      within 14 (fourteen) days from the delivery of it to the Service Provider. The User will be
      promptly informed of the results of this procedure. The Service Provider allows the
      reporting of Product Models, Accounts, or other content that, in the opinion of the reporting
      person, is not in compliance with applicable laws, violates the Terms of Use, or is
      inconsistent with the profile of the Service, by sending a report via email to
      [redacted:email]@displate.com. The Service Provider will review the received report and notify the
      reporting person of the decision regarding the report. This decision will include a
      justification (including, among other things, the facts and circumstances on which the
      decision was based, where applicable, information regarding the use of automated means
      during decision-making, including whether the decision was based on content detected or
      identified using automated means, and the legal basis for the decision) and information
      about the appeal procedure and other available legal remedies. The reporting person has
      the right to appeal the Service Provider's decision in accordance with the appeal procedure
      as indicated in 10.11 below.
10.42. In the case of a suspected copyright infringement by the Artist or the Influencer, the
      User/Artist/Influencer is entitled to file a complaint by sending an email to
      [redacted:email]@displate.com Furthermore, if it is determined that the Artist/Influencer is infringing
      the copyright of any third party, a takedown request form should be completed, which is
      available at https://displate.com/takedown-request.
10.43. A complaint may be submitted in writing or by other means of remote communication,
      including by e-mail, unless prevented by technical capabilities. The Service Provider
      reserves the right to interfere with the Account of the Artist/User/Influencer to the extent
      necessary to correct the disruption or problem in the functioning of the Account or the
      Website. The date of submission of a complaint is the date of its receipt by the Service
      Provider.
10.44. The Service Provider may refuse to consider a complaint regarding the non-compliance of
      the Service with the Terms, containing a request to bring the Service into compliance with
      the Terms (i.e. a request to deliver the Service or remove irregularities preventing or limiting
      the use of its functionality) when:
       a) compliance with the Terms is not possible on the part of the Service Provider and the
           Service Provider informed the User about this circumstance in response to the
           complaint, or
       b) compliance with the Terms as requested by the User requires excessive costs for the
           Service Provider and the Service Provider informed the User about this circumstance
           in response to the complaint.
10.45. If the User's complaint regarding the Service is accepted, the Service Provider brings the
      Service into compliance with the Terms within 14 days from the date of its submission to
      the Service Provider. In particularly complex cases, this period may be extended, but not
      longer than 30 (thirty) days.
10.46. In the following cases, the User has the right to withdraw from the contract for the use of
      the Service:
       a) the Service Provider following point 10.6. informed the User that bringing the Service
           to comply with the contract is impossible or requires excessive costs on the part of
           the Service Provider,
       b) the Service Provider accepted the User's complaint, but did not bring the Service into
           compliance with the contract within the time limit provided for in point 10.7,
       c) the Service Provider has tried to bring the Service into compliance with the Terms and
           still has not provided the Service or has not removed the irregularities preventing or
           limiting the use of the functionality of the Service (i.e. the Service is still inconsistent
           with the contract),
       d) the lack of compliance with the Terms is significant enough to justify withdrawal from
           the contract for the use of the Service without first submitting a complaint to the
           Service Provider on the terms described in points 10.6.-10.7. above (complaint
           regarding the provision of the Service or the removal of irregularities preventing or
           limiting the use of its functionality),
       e) the Service Provider has informed the User that it will not comply with the agreement
           within the stipulated time limits or without excessive inconvenience to the User.
10.47. In the cases referred to in point 10.8. above - it is sufficient to send a statement of
    withdrawal from the contract to the Service Provider. A withdrawal form from the sale
    agreement is available on the Website (click here to access the document).
10.48. The Service Provider allows appeals against its decisions, particularly those mentioned in
    these Terms of Use. An appeal must be submitted within no more than 6 months from the
    date of notification of the decision. Appeals can be submitted by sending an email to
    [redacted:email]@displate.com. The appeal should include a justification, particularly specifying the
    reasons for the appeal, and, where possible, also include relevant evidence (e.g.,
    documents). The Service Provider will review the appeal in accordance with its internal
    complaint handling system, which ensures timely, non-discriminatory, objective, and non-
    arbitrary action, including oversight by appropriately qualified personnel over the appeal
    process, and ensures that decisions made by the Service Provider as part of the appeal
    process are not made solely based on automated means. If the appeal is deemed valid, the
    Service Provider will promptly revoke its decision and take steps to mitigate its possible
    effects. The Service Provider will inform the appellant of the decision made, providing a
    justification for the decision and information about alternative dispute resolution options and
    other available appeals.
10.49. In addition to the options described above, any person who has received a decision from
    the Service Provider has the option to pursue alternative dispute resolution as described in
    section 10.15, as well as other available appeal options.
10.50. When reviewing reports and appeals, the Service Provider takes into account all facts and
    circumstances available to it.
10.51. The Service Provider reserves the right not to respond to messages, appeals, or other
    artificially generated communications or activities directed at the Service or the Service
    Provider (particularly those generated by bots or in other automated ways, if they are not
    genuine), especially if this would hinder the response to genuine communication or activity.
    The Service Provider also reserves the right to implement measures in the Service against
    such forms to prevent such artificially generated communication.
10.52. The User who is a consumer under relevant law has the option of using an out-of-court
    method of considering and pursuing claims in relation to The Service Provider. Information
    on how to access the above-mentioned dispute resolution mode and procedures can be
    found at the following address: http://www.uokik.gov.pl, in the “Help for consumers” tab.
    The User has the right to choose any certified out-of-court dispute resolution body to resolve
    disputes concerning decisions made by the Service Provider. The exercise of this right is
    without prejudice to the User's right to initiate court proceedings. All disputes shall be settled
    on a non-exclusive basis by Polish common courts competent according to the Service
    Provider's registered office (unless different rules of protection apply under relevant
    consumer protection legislation).
10.53. The User may attempt to settle the dispute amicably through an independent mediator,
    after the Service Provider has given its consent to mediation. If the User proposes mediation
    and the Service Provider accepts this proposal, the mediation will be conducted in
    accordance with the applicable mediation rules.
10.54. Par. 3.32-3.35 above apply accordingly.


                                            XI. Liability.
11.1. The Artist/Influencer agrees to be solely liable for Product Models. The Artist/Influencer
      also agrees to satisfy all claims regarding infringement of the rights or personal rights of
      third parties associated with making the Product Models available and to exempt the
      Service Provider from any liability in this respect, to the extent permitted by the law.
11.2. The responsibility for compliance of Product Models with applicable laws lies with their
      creator (Artist/Influencer). The Service Provider is not liable for defects or non-conformity
      of Product Models that result from the provision of false information by the
      Artist/Influencer.
11.3. The liability of the Service Provider to the Artist/Influencer is limited to the value of the fee
      received by the Artist/Influencer in respect of performance under the Agreement (until the
      event giving rise to the Artist’s/Influencer’s claim against the Service Provider).
11.4. The Service Provider does not secure or guarantee any amount of fee to the Artist/Influencer
      nor that some other Artist/Influencer makes a competitive Product available to the Users.
11.5. The Service Provider shall not be liable for:
      a)    any technical problems or limitations occurring in the computer hardware, IT system
            and telecommunications infrastructure used by the Artist/User/Influencer which
            prevent the Artist/User/Influencer from using the Website and the Service offered via
            the Website;
      b)    loss of any Product Models from the Account due to hardware or system failure or
            other circumstances for reasons not attributable to the Service Provider;
      c)    unavailability of the Website due to force majeure;
      d)    the content of advertisements posted on the Website by third parties;
      e)     the use of Product Models or Products by Artists/Users/Influencers (e.g. violation of
             the Artist’s or third party's copyrights by Artists/Users/Influencers), including the
             associated potential damage to the Artists, the User, the Influencer or third party;
      f)     the effects of incorrect assembly/use of the Products by the User or third party,
             including, in particular, in contravention of paragraph 3.35, and the related potential
             damage.
11.6. The Artist/User/Influencer, is solely responsible for ensuring technical compatibility
      between the hardware and IT system used by them in order to use the Service and the
      Website.
11.7. If the posting of a Product Model by the Artist/Influencer on the Website results in a violation
      of any law or the rights of third parties, including parties benefiting from the copyrights or
      related rights or industrial property rights under an authorisation from the Artist/Influencer
      or the Service Provider acting in reliance on the statements made by the Artist/Influencer
      by accepting these Terms of Use, the Artist/Influencer shall be required to fully cover the
      damage suffered by the Service Provider in connection with such a violation.


           XII. SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE FOR US CUSTOMERS
    BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO
    THESE TERMS YOU SHOULD NOT PLACE AN ORDER ON OUR SITE OR USE OUR WEBSITE.
    THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE, A
    CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER CLAUSE THAT IMPACT YOUR RIGHTS
    IN RESPECT OF HOW TO RESOLVE DISPUTES. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE AGREEMENT
    TO ARBITRATE WITHIN 30 DAYS: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES
    OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A
    PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR
    PROCEEDING AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION
    LAWSUIT OR CLASS WIDE ARBITRATION; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO
    PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A
    JURY TRIAL. If you live in the United States, please read this carefully before you place
    orders or use our Website.
    These are the legal terms and conditions under which we supply the Products and provide
    other services listed on our Website to Artist/User/Influencer who is a resident of the United
    States. Please read these specific terms and conditions for US customers (“Terms &
    Conditions of Sale“) carefully before ordering any Products from the Website. By placing an
    order to purchase any of our Products, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these
   Terms & Conditions of Sale together with our Privacy Policy, Website Terms of Use and
   Returns Policy (collectively, referred to as the “Terms & Conditions of Sale“), regardless of
   whether or not you choose to register with us. In case of any discrepancies between Terms &
   Conditions of Sale (par. 12.1.-12.17) and other provisions of Terms of Use, Terms &
   Conditions of Sale prevails. These Terms & Conditions of Sale, par. 12.1.-12.18, apply to
   United States Customers only.
12.1. Agreement to Binding Arbitration. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. EXCEPT AS
     THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE OTHERWISE PROVIDE, YOU AGREE TO WAIVE
     YOUR RIGHTS TO TRY ANY CLAIM IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY AND TO BRING OR
     PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. FOR
     RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CONTRACTS FOR PRODUCTS SHIPPED TO THE
     UNITED STATES, YOU AND SERVICE PROVIDER AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY CLAIM
     OR DISPUTE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF,
     RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED IN ANY WAY WITH THE BREACH, ENFORCEMENT,
     INTERPRETATION, APPLICATION, OR VALIDITY OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE,
     SUCH CLAIM, DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY WILL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY AND
     SOLELY BY FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN
     THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE (THE “ARBITRATION AGREEMENT“).
12.2. Exceptions to Binding Arbitration. Notwithstanding the aforementioned, this Arbitration
     Agreement shall not be read to prevent the User from (1) pursuing an individual claim in
     small claims court in the United States of America, consistent with any applicable
     jurisdictional and monetary limits that may apply, provided that it is brought and
     maintained as an individual claim; or (2) pursuing public injunctive relief on an individual
     basis in a court of competent jurisdiction where state law dictates such a right to public
     injunctive relief exists.
12.3. Jury Trial & Class Action Waiver. YOU AND SERVICE PROVIDER ACKNOWLEDGE AND
     AGREE THAT YOU ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. THE PARTIES
     FURTHER AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN THEIR INDIVIDUAL
     CAPACITIES AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, MASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE
     ACTION, AND THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO FILE A CLASS ACTION OR
     SEEK RELIEF ON A CLASS BASIS SAVE AS FOR EXCEPT SPECIFIED IN THE PARAGRAPH
     ENTITLED “BATCH ARBITRATION” BELOW. YOU AND SERVICE PROVIDER MAY NOT BE
     PLAINTIFFS OR CLASS MEMBERS IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR
     REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND MAY EACH BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER
     ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. ASIDE FROM EXCEPTIONS OUTLINED IN
      PAR. 12.2 AND 12.3, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD DECLARATORY OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
      ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE
      RELIEF WARRANTED BY THE INDIVIDUAL CLAIM. To the extent permissible by law there
      shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a representative action or as
      a private attorney general action, including but not limited to claims brought pursuant to
      the Private Attorney General Act of 2004, Cal. Lab. Code § 2698, et seq. This means that you
      may not seek relief on behalf of any other parties in arbitration. Further information on the
      Class Action Waiver to be found at par. 12.4 below.
12.4. Class Action Waiver You acknowledge and agree that any and all disputes, claims, or
      controversies between the parties shall be resolved only in individual arbitration. You
      expressly waive the right to have any dispute, claim, or controversy brought, heard,
      administered, resolved, or arbitrated as a class, collective, coordinated, consolidated,
      and/or representative action, and neither an arbitrator nor an arbitration provider shall have
      any authority to hear, arbitrate, or administer any class, collective, coordinated,
      consolidated, and/or representative action, or to award relief to anyone but the individual
      in arbitration (“Class Action Waiver”). The parties also expressly waive the right to seek,
      recover, or obtain any non-individual relief. Notwithstanding anything else in this
      agreement, this Class Action Waiver does not prevent you or Service Provider from
      participating in a classwide, collective, and/or representative settlement of claims as set
      out in par. 12.16 below. The parties further agree that if for any reason a claim does not
      proceed in arbitration, this Class Action Waiver shall remain in effect, and a court may not
      preside over any action joining, coordinating, or consolidating the claims of multiple
      individuals against Service Provider in a single proceeding, except that this Class Action
      Waiver shall not prevent you or Service Provider from participating in a classwide,
      collective, and/or representative settlement of claims as set out in par. 12.14 below. If it is
      determined that any portion of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable or unlawful for any
      reason, (i) any class, collective, coordinated, consolidated, and/or representative claims
      subject to the unenforceable or unlawful portion(s) shall proceed in a court of competent
      jurisdiction; (ii) the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced
      in arbitration; (iii) the unenforceable or unlawful portion(s) shall be severed from this
      Arbitration Agreement; and (iv) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful portion(s) shall
      have no impact whatsoever on the enforceability, applicability, or validity of the Arbitration
      Agreement or the arbitrability of any remaining claims asserted by you or Service Provider.
12.5. Severability. Except as provided in par. 12.4 and 12.5, in the event that any portion of this
      Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, including without limitation for a
     “private attorney general action,” such provision will be severed and the remainder of the
     Arbitration Agreement will be given full force and effect.
12.6. Governing Law & Arbitration Rules The Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in
     interstate commerce and thus the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. (“FAA“), will
     govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section. If the FAA is found not to apply
     to any issue that arises under this section or the enforcement of the Arbitration Agreement,
     then that issue shall be resolved under the laws of the State of Delaware. The arbitration
     will be administered and conducted under the then current and applicable consumer
     arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA“) in accordance with the
     Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (“Federal Rules”) (https://www.uscourts.gov/rules-
     policies/current-rules-practice-procedure/federal-rules-civil-procedure) and the AAA’s
     Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable
     by the AAA (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified here. The AAA rules are
     available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. If the AAA cannot
     and will not administer the arbitration, the Parties shall confer and select an alternative
     arbitral forum.
12.7. Informal Dispute Resolution You and Service Provider agree to try and resolve any dispute
     informally before resorting to arbitration. You and Service Provider therefore agree that
     before either Party commences arbitration against the other (or initiates an action in small
     claims court if a party so elects), we will personally meet and confer either via telephone or
     video call in a good faith effort to resolve informally any dispute covered by this Arbitration
     Agreement (“Informal Dispute Resolution Conference”). If you are represented by counsel,
     your counsel may participate in the conference but you will also participate in the
     conference. The Party initiating the dispute must give notice to the other party in writing of
     its intent to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference (“Notice”) which shall occur
     within 45 days after the other party receives such Notice, unless an extension is mutually
     agreed upon by the Parties. Notice to Service Provider that you intend to initiate an Informal
     Dispute Resolution Conference should be sent via email to [redacted:email]@displate.com or regular
     mail to GWD Concept sp. z o.o., Aleje Jerozolimskie 123A, 02-017 Warsaw, Republic of
     Poland. Notice to you will be sent to the address or email address associated with your
     account. The Notice must include (1) your name, telephone number, mailing address, e-
     mail address associated with your account, (2) the name, telephone number, mailing
     address and email address of your counsel, if any; and (3) a description of your Dispute.
     The Informal Dispute Resolution Conference shall be individualized such that a separate
     conference must be held each time either party initiates a Dispute, even if the same law
      firm, or group of law firms represents multiple users in similar cases, unless all parties
      agree; multiple individuals initiating a Dispute cannot participate in the same Informal
      Dispute Resolution Conference unless all parties agree. Engaging in the Informal Dispute
      Resolution Conference is a condition precedent and requirement that must be fulfilled
      before commencing arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall
      be tolled while the Parties engage in the Informal Dispute resolution Conference required
      by this Section.
12.8. Initiating Arbitration. Prior to initiating an arbitration, a party must first send a further
      written notice to the other party. If you intend to seek arbitration you must first send notice
      by international mail to [redacted:email]@displate.com. The notice shall be individual and not for the
      claims of any other person, and must include your full name, your entire factual, legal
      claim, the requested relief and an express authorization to bring the arbitration demand.
      Service Provider shall send a Notice to the current billing address on your account by
      international mail. The Notice shall describe the nature and basis of the claim and the
      specific relief sought. If the parties cannot reach a settlement within 30 days from the
      receipt of the Notice, either party may initiate arbitration proceedings. A form to initiate
      arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA site at www.adr.org. In addition to filing this
      form with the AAA, the party initiating the arbitration must post a copy of the completed
      form to the opposing party. You may send such copy to Service Provider at
      [redacted:email]@displate.com and Service Provider will send such copy to the current billing address
      or email address on your account or to your counsel, if you so instruct.
12.9. Fee. The Service Provider will pay all costs of arbitration, regardless of the prevailing party,
      so long as your claim is not found to be frivolous by the arbitrator.
12.10. Location & Procedure. If your claim is for $10,000 (US Dollars) or less, you may choose
      to have arbitration conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator,
      via a telephone hearing, by an in-person hearing in the county of your residence, or as
      otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties. If your claim exceeds $10,000 (US Dollars), the
      location of the arbitration and the parties’ right to a hearing will be determined in
      accordance with the rules of the AAA.
12.11. Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator’s award shall be written, and binding on the parties
      and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. If you prevail in
      arbitration, you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent
      provided under applicable law. Service Provider shall have the right to seek attorneys’ fees
      and costs in arbitration for claims deemed frivolous by the arbitrator. If Service Provider
      makes an offer of judgment not less than 10 days prior to the arbitration, if an arbitrator’s
      monetary award against Service Provider does not match or exceed Service Provider’s offer,
      you agree to pay Service Provider’s legal fees and expenses for the arbitration.
12.12. Choice of Law & Forum Selection. Except as set forth in this Section, all matters relating
      to all matters arising out of or related to these Terms & Conditions of Sale, will be governed
      by the applicable laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of Delaware
      without regard to Delaware choice of law principles. Unless you and Service Provider agree
      otherwise, in the event that it is determined or these Terms & Conditions of Sale provide
      that a claim should not proceed through arbitration, you agree that any claim or dispute
      (with the exception of a claim or dispute appropriately lodged in any small claims court in
      the United States of America) shall be resolved in the United States District Court for the
      District of Delaware, and you submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If subject
      matter jurisdiction (including diversity jurisdiction) does not exist in the United States
      District Court for the District of Delaware for any such claim, then the exclusive forum and
      venue for any such action shall be the courts of the State of Delaware located in New Castle
      County, and you submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court. As to any proceeding in
      court, you and Service Provider both waive your right to a jury trial, as outlined in par. 12.3,
      unless such waiver is unenforceable. The choice-of-law and forum-selection provisions in
      this section do not apply to the Arbitration Agreement or to any arbitrable disputes as
      provided by the Arbitration Agreement section. Instead, as provided in the Arbitration
      Agreement section, the FAA shall apply to any such disputes.
12.13. The choice-of-law and forum-selection provisions in this section do not apply to the
      Arbitration Agreement or to any arbitrable disputes as provided by the Arbitration
      Agreement section. Instead, as provided in the Arbitration Agreement section, the FAA
      shall apply to any such disputes.
12.14. Batching: If 25 or more customers initiate Notices of dispute (including Informal Dispute
      Resolution) with Service Provider raising similar claims within a 30 day period and counsel
      for the Service Provider customers bringing the claims are the same, or coordinated with
      these customers, the claims shall proceed in arbitration in a coordinated proceeding.
      Counsel for You and counsel for Service Provider shall each select 5 cases to proceed first
      in arbitration in a bellwether proceeding (“Bellwether Proceeding”). The remaining cases
      shall not be filed in arbitration until the first 10 have been resolved. If the parties are unable
      to resolve the remaining cases after the conclusion of the Bellwether Proceeding, each side
      may select another 5 cases to proceed to arbitration for a second Bellwether Proceeding.
      This process may continue until the parties are able to resolve all of the claims either
      through settlement or arbitration. A court will have authority to enforce this clause and if
      necessary to enjoin the mass filing of arbitration demands against Service Provider. An
      arbitration award and any judgment confirming it apply only to that specific case; it cannot
      be used in any other case except to enforce the award itself. If for some reason the
      prohibition on class arbitrations as set out above cannot be enforced as to all or part of the
      dispute then the agreement to arbitrate will not apply to that dispute or part of the dispute.
      If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, such as pursuant
      to par. 12.3. You and Service Provider agree that there will not be a jury trial. You and Service
      Provider unconditionally waive any right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counter
      claim arising out of or relating to this Arbitration Agreement in any way. In the event of
      litigation, this Section may be filed to show a written consent to a trial by the court.
12.15. 30-day right to opt out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration
      Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to us at [redacted:email]@displate.com
      within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. Your notice must
      include your name and address, the email address you used to set up your account (if you
      have one) and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration
      Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement all other parts of this Agreement will
      continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration agreement has no effect on any other
      arbitration agreements that you currently have or may enter into in the future with us. If the
      dispute is not covered by any arbitration agreement between You and Us it shall proceed in
      the Courts indicated in par. 12.12.
12.16. INDEMNIFICATION. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS
      SERVICE PROVIDER, ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND ITS
      AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS,
      LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS, AGAINST ANY CLAIMS,
      LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, JUDGMENTS, AWARDS, LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR FEES
      (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO (I) YOUR
      VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, (II) PURCHASE OF OUR PRODUCTS, (III)
      ANY USE OF THE OUR SITE'S CONTENT, SERVICES, AND PRODUCTS OTHER THAN AS
      EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, (IV) YOUR INFRINGEMENT
      OF ANY OF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS; (V) YOUR INFRINGEMENT OF ANY
      OTHER RIGHT OF ANY PERSON OR ENTITY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
      DEFAMATION OF SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY, OR VIOLATIONS OF SUCH PERSON’S OR
      ENTITY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PRIVACY RIGHTS, (VI) YOUR BREACH OF ANY
      DUTY OF CONFIDENCE OR PRIVACY OWED TO SERVICE PROVIDER, OR (V) ANY FALSE
      STATEMENTS OR CLAIMS MADE BY YOU IN ANY FORM ABOUT SERVICE PROVIDER OR
      ABOUT ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. NOTE THAT THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS OF
      SECTION XII DO NOT APPLY TO ANY INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS OR ACTIONS BROUGHT
      AGAINST YOU BY US PURSUANT TO THIS CLAUSE.
12.17. CALIFORNIA PURCHASES. The following is a notice to residents of California regarding
   Proposition 65: California’s Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings
   for products that contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth
   defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals
   above certain threshold levels. WARNING: Some Products on our Online Store from time to
   time may contain chemicals that are known to the State of California to cause cancer and
   birth defects or other reproductive harm and may be included on the Prop 65 chemical list. If
   you need additional information to make your purchase of Products, please email us
   at: [redacted:email]@displate.com and we will respond as soon as possible to provide you with the
   information we possess about the materials within our Products. For more information on
   Proposition 65, please visit https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65.
12.18. Orders shipped to the United States may be subject to applicable customs duties, tariffs,
   and/or government charges. The User will be informed about it during the purchase process.
   At checkout such amounts shall be presented separately from the price – they shall appear
   as a separate item line and shall be estimated by the Service Provider based on the best
   available data estimates at the time of purchase. The Service Provider shall take care of the
   customs clearance process on behalf of the User and will pass any customs duties, tariffs
   and/or government charges paid by the User to the respective governmental agencies. Those
   charges shall not be refunded by the Service Provider to the User (i.e in cases described in
   3.23).


                                      XII. Final provisions.
13.1. Any disputes between the Service Provider and the Artist/User/Influencer shall be resolved
      by the court having jurisdiction over the Service Provider’s registered office, except in cases
      where the disputing party is a consumer, and applicable law provides for a different means
      of legal protection.
13.2. Deeming any of the provisions of these Terms of Use invalid or unenforceable shall not
      affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof.
13.3. Any matters not provided for herein shall be governed by the laws in force in the territory of
     the Republic of Poland. If the User is a consumer they are also entitled to further protection
     granted by the applicable laws, including, but not limited to, the laws of their country of
     residence.
13.4. The Service Provider may amend the Terms of Use for important reasons, which are:
       a) changes in generally applicable laws directly affecting the provisions of these Terms
            of Use;
       b) the issuance of a judgment or decision directly affecting the provisions of these Terms
            of Use by a court or public administration authority;
       c) introduction of new functionalities of the Website;
       d) prevention of violations of the law or violations of these Terms of Use;
       e) removal of ambiguities or doubts of interpretation;
       f)   transformation of the Service Provider (change of legal form), change in the name
            (business name) of the Service Provider, change in registration data, identification
            numbers, address data, URL, e-mail address or telephone number, indicated in the
            Terms of Use.
13.5. In case of the amendment of Terms of Use, the Service Provider shall notify the
      Artist/User/Influencer of the change in the body of the message that will be sent to the
      Account or e-mail of the Artist/User/Influencer. In the absence of termination of the
      Agreement by the Artist/User/Influencer in the manner provided for in these Terms of Use
      within 14 days of receipt of the change notification, such a change shall be deemed
      accepted.
13.6. The current wording of the Terms of Use for United States Users is available here, for other
      Users here and the Polish language version here, in a way that enables their storage
      (recording) and multiple display in the ordinary course of operations.
13.7. The parties exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
      International Sale of Goods.
13.8. These Terms of Use come into force on the 15 of July 2026.
