Terms of Service - Grand Challenge

Grand Challenge

Challenges

Algorithms

Reader Studies

Blog
Archives

Statistics

Terms of Service

Privacy Policy

Help

Grand Challenge Support

Grand Challenge Documentation

Sign In

Register

Terms of Service

Terms of Service

By using grand-challenge.org, you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (" Terms of Service ").

grand-challenge.org is an initiative of Stichting Radboud universitair medisch centrum ("Radboudumc"). Radboudumc reserves the right to update and change these Terms of Service without notice.

Violation of any of the terms below may result in the immediate termination of your account without prior notice.

Definitions ¶

Algorithm : Any computational tool or software made available on or uploaded to the Platform that processes or analyzes medical data.

Anonymized Data : Data that has been processed in such a way that individuals are no longer identifiable, in accordance with Recital 26 and Articles 4, 6, and 9 of the GDPR.

GDPR : Regulation (EU) 2016/679.

Platform : The online platform grand-challenge.org maintained by Radboudumc for creation, evaluation, and deployment of medical data algorithms—all in one secure, cloud-based environment.

Research Use Only : Use that is solely for scientific or academic purposes and expressly excludes any clinical, diagnostic, therapeutic, or regulatory use.

Results : Data produced as the user-defined output of algorithms, user-defined output of evaluation methods or as answers to questions in a reader study.

Services : the services made available within the Platform, such as hosting an AI challenge or a reader study.

User/You : Any individual or legal entity who accesses or uses the Platform.

Uploaded Data : Any files, including but not limited to medical data, images, annotations, or metadata, uploaded by Users to the Platform.

User Content : All Uploaded Data and any other data, algorithms, annotations, and any other intellectual property submitted or created by a User within the Platform.

Account Terms ¶

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. Radboudumc will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.

You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your account.

You may not use the Platform for any illegal purpose or to violate any laws in any jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the signup process.

Your login may only be used by one person – a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted.

You must only have one account per person – separate logins for the same person is not permitted.

You must be a human. Accounts registered by “bots” or other automated methods are not permitted.

API Terms ¶

You may access your Uploaded Data via the Application Program Interface ("API"). Any use of the API, including use of the API through a third-party product that accesses the Platform, is bound by these Terms of Service plus the following specific terms:

You expressly acknowledge and agree that Radboudumc shall not be liable for any damages or losses resulting from your use of the API or third-party products that access data via the API.

Abuse or excessively frequent requests to the Platform via the API may result in the temporary or permanent suspension of your account's access to the API. Radboudumc, in its sole discretion, will determine abuse or excessive usage of the API. Radboudumc will make a reasonable attempt via email to warn the account owner prior to suspension.

Cancellation and Termination ¶

You are solely responsible for properly canceling your account. To cancel your account, send an email to [redacted:email]@grand-challenge.org from the email address associated with your account.

All of your User Content will be inaccessible for you immediately upon cancellation. Within 30 days, all your User Content will be permanently deleted from active systems and logs. Within 60 days, all your User Content will be permanently deleted from our backups. This information can not be recovered once it has been permanently deleted.

Radboudumc, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Platform and/or Services for any reason at any time. Such termination will result in the deactivation or deletion of your account or your access to your account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all User Content in your account. Radboudumc reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.

Modifications to the Service and Prices ¶

Radboudumc reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Platform or any Services, with or without notice.

Prices of the Platform and Services are subject to change upon 30 days notice. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes on the website.

Radboudumc shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Platform and/or Services.

Copyright and Content Ownership ¶

You retain all rights, title, and interest in any User Content you upload to the Platform.

You may not upload User Content that infringes the rights, e.g. intellectual property rights, of any third party. You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights to grant the license described herein.

Radboudumc does not have nor claims any rights to Results generated by your use of the Platform, unless explicitly agreed otherwise in writing.

Any software tools or Algorithms made available through the Platform remain the intellectual property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise stated, access to such tools is licensed for research purposes only and not for clinical or commercial use.

Uploaded Data ¶

You represent and warrant that any Uploaded Data you upload to the Platform has been fully anonymized in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). This includes removing image data that would allow reconstruction of a person’s face, and removal of any personally identifiable information added in the pixel data.

Any Uploaded Data will not be made available to any other User unless you give explicit permissions to such other User. This includes, but is not limited to, adding users to a Reader Study containing your Uploaded Data, adding Users to an Archive containing your Uploaded Data and adding Users to Algorithm Results of your Uploaded Data by using the viewers tab, or share the Algorithm result with all Users by setting the Algorithm Result to public. For clarity, the administrator of Radboudumc is able to access the Uploaded Data but may only do so if this is required for administrative purposes (the functioning of the Platform and Services).

You acknowledge and agree that Radboudumc does not assume any responsibility or liability for the anonymization of your Uploaded Data. You hereby indemnify and hold harmless Radboudumc against any claims, fines, damages, or legal costs resulting from your failure to appropriately anonymize such Uploaded Data.

Research Use Only ¶

The Platform and Services - and all Algorithms made available through it- are for Research Use Only.

The Platform and Services and Algorithms are explicitly NOT for clinical use. The output and results of the Services and Algorithms are provided "as-is".

You acknowledge that you are not allowed to use any output or results obtained from the Platform or Services for clinical diagnosis, patient treatment, or any activity regulated under applicable health or medical device legislation, including the EU Medical Device Regulation (EU 2017/745).

Radboudumc makes no representation that the Platform and Services and Algorithms or its outputs are certified, approved, or validated for clinical use. You hereby indemnify and hold harmless Radboudumc against any claims, fines, damages, or legal costs resulting from your clinical use of any outputs or results obtained from the Platform or Services.

General Conditions ¶

Your use of the Platform and Services is at your sole risk. Access to the Platform and Services is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.

Technical support is only provided via email.

You acknowledge and agree that each challenge must include, as its final phase, an algorithm-based phase, as a condition of Radboudumc’s provision of the Services. You further acknowledge that this requirement is integral to Radboudumc’s methodology and service philosophy. Additional information regarding this requirement is available on our Challenge Policy and Pricing Page ( Challenge Policy and Pricing ).

You acknowledge and agree that all phases of each challenge must be evaluated through and on Platform. Off-platform evaluation of any phase is not permitted without the prior written consent of Radboudumc. You further acknowledge that this requirement is a material term of the Agreement and an essential component of the Services.

You acknowledge and agree that the Services are provided solely in consideration of the fees set forth on the Platform’s then-current pricing page, ( Challenge Policy and Pricing ), which may be amended by Radboudumc from time to time in its sole discretion.

The number of standard support hours included in the fees for the Services shall be as specified in the applicable invoice issued to you. Any support services requested or required in excess of the included support hours, as specified in the applicable invoice, shall be billed to you at the Platform’s then-prevailing hourly support rate, and you hereby agree to pay all such additional charges in accordance with the payment terms set forth herein.

You understand that Radboudumc uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Platform and Services.

You must not modify, adapt or hack the Platform or Services.

You must not modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Platform or Radboudumc.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Platform or Services, use of the Platform or Services, or access to the Platform or Services without the express written permission by Radboudumc.

Radboudumc may, but has no obligation to do so, remove User Content or Uploaded Data and accounts that Radboudumc determines in its sole discretion are unlawful or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.

Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any User, Radboudumc employee or officer will result in immediate account termination.

You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Platform and Services, including your User Content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

Radboudumc reserves the right to temporarily disable your account if your usage significantly exceeds the average usage of other Users. Radboudumc will contact the account owner before taking any action, except in rare cases where the level of use may negatively impact the performance of the Platform or Services for other Users.

Radboudumc does not warrant that (i) the Platform or Services will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the Platform or Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Platform or Services will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the Platform or Services will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Platform or Services will be corrected.

You expressly understand and agree that Radboudumc shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Radboudumc has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Platform or Services; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Platform or Services; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter relating to the Platform or Services. The total liability of Radboudumc for any claim arising from these terms shall not exceed EUR 1,000 or the total fees paid by you in the past 12 months, whichever is lower.

The failure of Radboudumc to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Radboudumc and govern your use of the Platform and Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and Radboudumc (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).

These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of The Netherlands. Any dispute shall be exclusively resolved by the competent courts of Arnhem, The Netherlands.

Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to [redacted:email]@grand-challenge.org .

Any new features that augment or enhance the current Platform or Services, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Platform and Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
These terms and conditions are modified from Basecamp's Policies under a CC-BY-4.0 license.

Grand Challenge

About Us

Challenge Pricing & Hosting Requirements

Support & Documentation

Vulnerability Disclosure

Statistics

Status

Policies

Terms of Service

Privacy Policy

Developers

API Documentation

API Schema

Developer Documentation

Sponsors

&copy; 2012-2026
