















































Help desk
Common questions and support documentation

Run a hackathon






Hackathons
Projects

Devpost for Teams


Log in

Host a hackathon




Host a public hackathon

Devpost for Teams
Drive innovation, collaboration, and retention within your organization

Host an internal hackathon





Public hackathons

Resources

Blog






















LEGALESE
The Devpost Terms of Service for Hackathons apply to people and organizations using the Devpost website, www.devpost.com , (the “Site”) to create profiles, share software projects they have worked on, and create and participate in online and in-person hackathons where eligible participants can enter software that meets hackathon requirements (the “Service”). The Site is owned and operated by Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost”). Please read the terms and conditions below. They are important and govern your use of our Site.
The Devpost Terms of Service for Employers apply to companies and their employees using the Site to recruit new employees, and the Devpost Terms of Service for Candidates apply to users of the Site seeking employment through Devpost. In the case of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Devpost Terms of Service which apply to a user, this Agreement shall control only with respect to a user’s use of the Site and Service to post or participate in hackathons, or to post software projects and other content to public portions of the Devpost Site.
1. ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT
By using and/or visiting our Site, you agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Agreement and accompanying Privacy Policy (collectively the “Agreement”). If you do not agree to the Agreement, you should not use the Site.
We may revise this Agreement at any time by posting an update to the Site. Your continued use of our Site after a posted change of this Agreement means that you agree to be bound by the changes, so please check the Agreement regularly for any changes.
You affirm that you are at least the age of majority where you reside, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement. You also affirm that you are able to abide by and comply with this Agreement.




Below are some definitions of terms used throughout these Agreement.
“Content” means various content including, but not limited to, videos, photographs, images, artwork, graphics, audio clips, comments, data, text, software, scripts, source code, other material and information, and associated trademarks and copyrightable works, that the Service makes accessible through the Site, email, and other media.
“Users” means Posters, Makers, and other visitors to the Site and users of the Service who have the ability to contribute, add, create, upload, submit, distribute, facilitate the distribution of, collect, post, or otherwise make accessible Content.
“User Content” means any Content submitted by Users.
“User Profile” means User Content that describes a User’s skills, work related to software development, affiliations, software projects, activity on the Site, or other biographical content.
“Software” means User Content entered on the Site to describe a software project a Maker has contributed to.
“Submission” means the version of Software entered on the Site that is entered as a submission to a Hackathon by a Maker.
“Hackathon Content” means User Content posted as a Hackathon by a Poster and includes the description and request for Submissions, terms and conditions, copyrighted material, trademarks, trade-names, logos, designs, promotional materials, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations.
“Hackathon Website” means the specific Hackathon website where you enter a Submission and access the Hackathon Content.
“Official Rules” means the Hackathon-specific terms and conditions posted on the Hackathon Website.
“Submission Period” means the period during which Makers may submit Submissions, as specified in the applicable Hackathon Website or Official Rules.









Respects others’ Intellectual Property Rights.

All Users agree NOT to post or make available content (including any User Profile, Software, Submission or Hackathon Content) or otherwise use the Site in a manner that:
Misrepresents your identity, or your current or past work, education, skills, or qualifications;
Misrepresents any entity or organization;











Disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive amount of content to the Site, or otherwise negatively affects other users’ ability to use the Site;
Constitutes excessive use of site features, inconsistent with the intent and purpose of the Site, and/or placing an undue burden on the Services, including but not limited to excessive following of other Users, excessive liking of User Content, and/or excessive registrations for Hackathons or other events on the Site;
Uses manual or automated software, devices, scripts robots, or other means or processes to access, “scrape,” “crawl” or “spider” the Site, User Content (including User Profiles and Team Pages), or any related data or information;
Employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of content transmitted through the Site;
Disparages another person, Poster, or Devpost; or






You acknowledge that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content that is submitted to the Site. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
5. PARTICIPATION IN A HACKATHON
Participation in a Hackathon on our Site, including entering Submissions, is governed by this Agreement and the Official Rules posted on the Hackathon Website. Official Rules are the responsibility of the Poster. If there is any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the Official Rules of a Hackathon, the Official Rules will prevail, but for that Hackathon only.
A. Hackathon Registration & Submission
You must first create a Devpost account and register on the Hackathon Website to be able to enter a Hackathon. You need to follow all instructions stated on the Site in order to register.










B. Determining Eligibility & Display of Submissions
The Poster has the right to require additional information. They also have the right to access any software application that is part of your Submission, in person or via any other reasonable manner, to verify that the software application functions and operates as described in other parts of your Submission, or to verify your role in creating the software. Failure by a Maker to respond or provide the additional information or access may result in disqualification of the Submission by the Poster.
Submissions may be posted on the Hackathon Website or elsewhere on the Site before or after being screened or tested by the Poster for compliance with the Official Rules. Posting of a Submission to the Site or Hackathon Website does not mean that the Submission is eligible. A Submission may be disqualified after it has been publically displayed.
C. Public Voting
Hackathons on the Site may include public voting. Public voting for a Hackathon will take place during a voting period specified on the Hackathon Website. The Poster has the right to extend the voting period at any time for any reason.




























































7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
A. Devpost Content
The Site contains various information in the form of data, text, graphics, and other materials from Devpost and our third party licensors (the “Devpost Content”). You acknowledge that this Site and various elements contained therein are protected by Intellectual Property Rights, and that these worldwide rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now and hereinafter developed. You also acknowledge that the Devpost Content is and shall remain the property of Devpost or its licensors. You agree to comply with all intellectual property laws and you shall not encumber any interest in, or assert any rights to, the Devpost Content. You may not modify, transmit, participate in the sale or transfer of, or create derivative works based on any Devpost Content, in whole or in part.
The trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos (collectively, the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on our Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of ours or our licensors. All page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of Devpost and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, in connection with any product or service that is not authorized by us, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us. The Trademarks used and displayed on our Site are and shall remain the sole property of us or their respective owners. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, ownership right, or right to use any Trademarks used or displayed on our Site. The misuse of the Trademarks displayed on our Site, or any other Devpost Content on our Site, is strictly prohibited.
All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any Devpost Content or Intellectual Property Rights without the express written consent of Devpost is strictly prohibited.
B. User Content
Devpost will not have any ownership rights over your User Content. However, Devpost needs the following licenses to operate the Site and perform and market the Service on your behalf, on behalf of our other Users, and on our own behalf.
























































20. CONTACT US
Questions or comments regarding our Site, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted using our email address at [redacted:email]@devpost.com , or via U.S. mail to 250 Broadway, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10007.
Last Updated: December 5, 2025

Devpost






























