Branded Content Policy | TikTok

Branded Content Policy

Published: 4 August 2026
Effective date: 31 August 2026
Our new Branded Content Policy comes into effect on 31 August 2026. Click here to view our current Branded Content Policy.
What is Branded Content?
Branded content (“ Branded Content ”) is content that promotes or reviews a third-party brand or its products or services in exchange for payment or any other incentive.
Branded Content includes content that features or references:
A product or service that has been gifted to you by (or on behalf of) a brand;
A brand, product or service that you have been paid to post about (whether in the form of money or a gift);
A product or service for which you will receive a commission on any sales (for instance, via an affiliate link or promotional code); or
A brand that you have or have had a commercial relationship with, such as acting as a brand ambassador.

Rules for posting Branded Content:
You are responsible for ensuring that any Branded Content that you post complies with all applicable laws and regulations. While the rules in this Branded Content Policy are intended to help you to comply with relevant laws and regulations, they are not exhaustive, and you should be aware of any other applicable legal requirements.
We may update these rules periodically (for instance, if we need to reflect any changes to applicable laws or regulations), and in some instances, we may need to apply them to content you have already posted (for example, if a new law requires us to no longer display certain types of content).
In addition to following our Branded Content Policy, you must also comply with TikTok’s Terms of Service and Community Guidelines .
To the extent that your Branded Content does not comply with any of these rules, we may remove the content or impose other restrictions.

What do you need to do when you post Branded Content?
When posting Branded Content, you must enable the commercial content disclosure toggle. This is accessible through the content disclosure settings when posting your content. See here for information on how to enable the toggle. When you enable the toggle, and indicate that the content is posted on behalf of a third party, your content will be automatically labelled to indicate that it is Branded Content. In addition, where required by law, your content may be added to the TikTok Commercial Content Library (please note that, in some circumstances, TikTok may be required to ensure that Branded Content remains publicly available in the library even if the original content is deleted or altered).
You must ensure that the product or service you are promoting is sufficiently clear, without requiring viewers to access your profile page or any links. For instance, you should explicitly identify the product or service verbally and/or in the text caption.
You must not make false, deceptive or misleading claims about any products or services.
You must not post content promoting illegal products or services.
You must not promote products or services relating to any of the Prohibited Industries listed below.
You should also be aware that if you promote products or services subject to any of the Market-specific Requirements , or which are otherwise subject to additional legal requirements or restrictions in specific countries or regions, we may prevent the content from being accessed in the relevant countries, or apply other restrictions (such as specific age limits).
In addition, you must not:
use surreptitious or subliminal techniques;
undermine respect for human dignity;
include or promote any discrimination based on sex, race or ethnic origin, nationality, religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation;
encourage behaviour detrimental to health or safety or harmful to the environment;
promote or reinforce negative or unhealthy body images, or exploit insecurities to conform to certain beauty ideals or standards;
promote an unhealthy relationship with food or exercise;
cause physical, mental or moral detriment to children;
exhort children to buy, rent or hire a product or service, or encourage children to persuade their parents or others to purchase goods or services being advertised; or
exploit the special trust that children place in parents, teachers or other persons, or show children in dangerous situations.

Prohibited Industries and Products
You must not post Branded Content that promotes or reviews products or services from the following prohibited industries.
🚫 Adult and sexual products and services - Including adult entertainment and related products and services, such as pornography, sex toys, lubricants and fetish costumes, including underwear-like corsets and micro-thongs. Sexual activity is also not allowed.
🚫 Animals - Including buying or selling animals and animal body parts and products from protected, endangered or threatened animals, including organs, horns, ivory, bone, skin, fur, wool, leather or teeth.
🚫 Cigarettes, tobacco and nicotine products - Including cigarettes, cigars, tobacco, e-cigarettes, cigarette containers, shisha, nicotine patches, snuff, vaporisers or vape devices, including those without tobacco content, and other related products and services.
🚫 Dating and live video applications - Including dating services and live video chat services that convey, imply, portray or encourage transactional relationships, infidelity or sexual encounters.
🚫 Drug-related products and services - Including illegal drugs, drug paraphernalia, recreational and prescription drugs, and CBD supplements.
🚫 Financial services - Including pyramid schemes, multi-level marketing opportunities, too-good-to-be-true financial offers, payday loans and “get-rich-quick” schemes.
🚫 Pharmaceuticals, healthcare and medicine products, including:
Any medical institutions, treatments or devices, including nutritionists, online pharmacies and telehealth providers;
Therapy or other mental health consulting services;
Infant formula and nutritional supplements for babies under the age of two;
Teeth whitening products and hair growth products;
Cosmetic clinics, cosmetic surgery and cosmetics making medicinal claims, including dental surgeries, tattoo services, laser hair removal services, etc.

🚫 Political advertising - We do not allow paid political advertising, including creators being compensated for making branded political content. For more information, please see our political advertising policy .
🚫 Products and services that enable dishonest behaviour - Including products or services that may infringe upon individual privacy, steal other people’s personal information, infringe upon a third party’s intellectual and other property rights, steal other people’s property or assist with dishonest behaviour, such as fraud or falsification.
🚫 Professional services - Including accounting, legal and immigration services.
🚫 Sensitive religious content - Including content that disrespects religious elements, cultures or figures, any hateful behaviour, hate speech or the promotion of hateful ideologies, or claims that faith-based healing, counselling or miracle working can treat, cure or alleviate physical, emotional or mental health.
🚫 Weapons, ammunition or explosives - Including weapons and related parts, such as firearms, firearm parts, firearm silencers, firearm suppressors, paintball guns, BB guns, non-culinary knives, blades, spears, tasers, nunchucks, batons, swords, pepper spray, fireworks or other explosives, and other objects that are designed to cause harm to individuals or for self-defence.
🚫 Weight loss products or services - Including weight loss clinics, weight loss and weight management supplements (including fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss and detox teas or lollipops) and fasting services and products.
🚫 Counterfeit products - Content must not display or promote counterfeit documents, such as counterfeit degrees, passports or immigration papers, or counterfeit or unauthorised replicas of a real product.
🚫 Other prohibited products or services - Any other businesses, products or services that are highly controversial, distasteful, violent or dangerous that would be deemed incompatible with the TikTok platform or with applicable law. Examples include international brides, hazardous chemical products, trading of human organs and transplants, prenatal sex determination services and protected wild flora. This also includes Branded Content that refers to a sensitive event or topic (e.g. deaths, natural or industrial disasters, violent attacks, civil disorder, etc.) and contains any of the following: personal attacks, hashtag appropriation, the selling of goods or services, political campaigning, solicitation of followers or other inappropriate content.

Restricted Industries and Products
Branded Content that promotes or reviews products or services from the following restricted industries is allowed, but will only be shown in the market it was posted in and may be age restricted. Please refer to the Market-specific Requirements for more information on other industries and products.
You are responsible for ensuring that any Branded Content you post complies with all applicable laws and regulations. This includes, but is not limited to, any required disclosures and disclaimers that are in addition to Branded Content disclosures. While the rules in this Branded Content Policy are intended to help you to comply with relevant laws and regulations, they are not exhaustive and you should be aware of any other applicable legal requirements.
You can only post Branded Content to promote the following industries and products if you have been invited by an approved brand.
Brand Requirements
All brand partners must receive explicit permission from TikTok to promote for the following industries and products. The brand partner must have a Registered Business Account and go through any additional required qualification processes. Brands may only partner with content creators through the TikTok One platform.
Alcohol - Including alcoholic beverages (wine, beer, spirits, etc.), alcohol clubs and subscription services, alcohol-making kits and alcohol-sponsored events. This also includes alcohol-free or no-alcohol alternatives, soft drinks presented as mixers for alcohol, drinking accessories or games and content sponsored by alcohol brands.
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be age restricted to the appropriate audiences and to the market in which it was originally posted. Please see our alcohol advertising policies for details on which products and services are allowed in your region and additional restrictions.
Audiences aged 18 years and older in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Cambodia, Colombia, Germany, Israel, Italy, Kenya, Mexico, Philippines, Nigeria, Singapore, Spain, South Africa, Taiwan, United Kingdom, Vietnam
Audiences aged 21 years and older in Canada, Japan, United States
Audiences aged 25 years and older in Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Thailand, Ukraine

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Austria, Algeria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Bolivia, Bulgaria, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, France, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iraq, Ireland, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Sweden, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sri Lanka, Switzerland, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Zambia

Dating apps and live video applications - Including dating services and live video chat services that are focused on generating connections between people who are interested in romance or friendship.
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be restricted to audiences aged 18 years and older and to the market in which it was originally posted. Please see our adult content - dating and live chat policies for details on which products and services are allowed in your region and additional restrictions.
Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, France, Germany, Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Nigeria, Philippines, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Taiwan, Thailand, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Algeria, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Belarus, Bolivia, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iraq, Ireland, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sri Lanka, Switzerland, Sweden, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Zambia

Energy drinks - This Branded Content will be restricted to audiences aged 18 years and older and should not feature children. Please see the Market-specific Requirements for more guidance.
In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Kuwait

Film, TV programme and game trailers - Please see the Market-specific Requirements for more guidance.
Financial services - Including loans, credit cards, insurance services, investment services and lending and management of money assets.
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be restricted to audiences aged 18 years and older and to the market in which it was originally posted. See our financial services advertising policies for details on which products and services are allowed in your region and additional restrictions.
Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Egypt, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Algeria, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Belarus, Bolivia, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, Uruguay, Zambia

Over-the-counter medicines
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be restricted to users over the age of 18 and to the market in which it was originally posted. Please see our healthcare and pharmaceuticals advertising policies for additional restrictions and details for your country.
Australia, Argentina, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Egypt, France, Germany, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Mexico, Morocco, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Algeria, Austria, Belgium, Bolivia, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Korea, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Romania, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, Uruguay, Vietnam, Zambia

Prescription medicines
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be restricted to users over the age of 18 and to the market in which it was originally posted. Please see our healthcare and pharmaceuticals advertising policies for additional restrictions and details for your country.
Canada and United States.

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Algeria, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Belarus, Bolivia, Brazil, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Indonesia, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Korea, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, Uruguay, Vietnam, Zambia

Vitamin supplements
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be restricted to users over the age of 18 and to the market in which it was originally posted. Please see our healthcare and pharmaceuticals advertising policies for additional restrictions and details for your country.
Canada, France, Germany, Israel, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Philippines, Spain, Taiwan, Thailand, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Algeria, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Belarus, Bolivia, Brazil, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iraq, Ireland, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Zambia

Gambling, lotteries and real money games
In the following markets, this Branded Content will be restricted to users over the age of 18 and to the market in which it was originally posted. Please see our gambling and gaming advertising policies for additional restrictions and details for your country:
Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, France, Germany, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Taiwan, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam

In the following markets, this Branded Content is not allowed:
Algeria, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Belarus, Bolivia, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Indonesia, Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Korea, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Ukraine, Uruguay, Zambia

Underwear - Including bras, pants, briefs, trunks and boxer shorts shown on or off a model. Please see the Market-specific Requirements for more guidance.
Note: Semi-nudity or significant body exposure of anyone under the age of 18 is not allowed.

Advertising by government and intergovernmental entities - TikTok does not allow paid political advertising.

However, verified government and intergovernmental entities may partner with content creators to create branded content, provided it is limited to:
Promoting tourism, cultural or entertainment initiatives
Promoting a significant public interest relating to the welfare or well-being of the general public, such as public health, safety or education
Promoting employment or volunteer opportunities
Official entities responsible for overseeing elections may partner with content creators to produce branded content about elections and referendums. This branded content must be limited to the procedures and methods for participating in elections or referendums, including logistical information, voter registration, promoting participation and recruiting for election-related employment or volunteer opportunities.
