Payouts Dashboard

Overview
Extend Websites

Build Apps

Go Headless
References

Changelog

Build Apps

Get Started

Overview

Quick Start

Templates

Tutorials

Get an Idea

Develop Your App

About Developing Apps

App Workspace

Development Sites

Extensions

Develop an App with the CLI

Develop a Self-Managed App

Develop an App with Blocks

Build with AI

API Integrations

Auth

Design

Launch Your App

About Launching Apps

Pricing and Billing

About Monetizing Your App

About Pricing Plans and Business Models

The App Purchase Lifecycle in Wix

Pricing Page Best Practices

Set Up a Freemium Business Model

Set Up a Premium Business Model

Set Up a Usage-Based Business Model

Set Up a Pay As You Go Business Model

Set Up One-Time Payments

Set Up a Wix Pricing Page

Set Up an External Pricing Page

Set Up and Manage Free Trials

Identify and Manage App Users

Change App Pricing

Report Revenue for Partner Billed Apps

Payouts Dashboard

Set Up Your Payout Account

Payments and Billing FAQs

Market Listing

Localization

Legal and Security

App Distribution

App Promotion

Manage Your App

User Support

Versioning

Data and Analytics

Contact Us

In This Article View your payouts data
Download your payouts data as a CSV
See also

About the Payouts Dashboard

The Payouts dashboard is an app-level view in your app's dashboard. It shows per-app revenue, transactions, and refunds. To track account-level payout status, invoices, and payment history, go to Earnings > Payouts in your Wix Studio workspace. Learn more in Payments and Billing FAQs .

You can access the app Payouts dashboard if you have the Manage Earnings permission. Account owners have this access by default. To grant access to a teammate, see Grant a teammate access to payouts . The Payouts dashboard allows you to:

Track your total collections .

Download a CSV file of your payouts data

Search individual transactions .

Request refunds .

Before you can publish a paid app, payout account setup must be complete at the account level. Until this is done, you can't publish paid apps. Learn how to set up your payout account .

View your payouts data

The payouts dashboard has two tabs:

Overview : This tab shows your total monthly collections less deductions.

Transactions : This tab allows you to view and manage individual transactions per user.

The data is updated daily and should be considered an estimate until it's finalized on the 9th of every month (for the previous month's transactions).

Note: Payments for apps included in Wix Premium plans won't be shown in the payouts dashboard. For info on payments for these upgrades you need to contact us .

Overview

The Overview tab is broken down into several metrics, each showing the total amounts accrued in the current month. There's also a graph showing the Collections by Month for the last 12 months – hover over any column to see the exact amount of your collections and payout in that month, as well as the number of plans purchased. At the bottom of the tooltip is a link to the transaction history for that month.

Transactions

The Transactions tab allows you to search, view, and request refunds for individual transactions. This data is displayed for one month at a time. There are five transaction types:

Charge : A user purchased an app plan or made an in-app purchase.

Renewal : Automatic renewal of the plan a user already had - can be either monthly or yearly.

Switch: A user upgraded from one plan to another (more expensive) plan.

Refund : A user requested a refund for a previous transaction. The instance ID and invoice ID will be the same as the original transaction.

Chargeback : A user disputed the charge with their credit card company, and was refunded. The instance ID and Invoice ID will match those of the disputed transaction. Note that Wix will automatically attempt to reverse the chargeback.

Download your payouts data as a CSV

You can download payouts data as far back as 2016. To download a CSV of your payouts data:

Click Download Data .

Choose the date range you want download data for in From and To .

Click Generate CSV .

Wait a few moments for the file to be generated and click Download CSV .

See also

View your app stats

Reporting for Partner Billed Apps

Last updated: 9 September 2026
Did this help?
Yes No
