Set Up Your Payout Account

Overview
Extend Websites

Build Apps

Go Headless
References

Changelog

Build Apps

Get Started

Overview

Quick Start

Templates

Tutorials

Get an Idea

Develop Your App

About Developing Apps

App Workspace

Development Sites

Extensions

Develop an App with the CLI

Develop a Self-Managed App

Develop an App with Blocks

Build with AI

API Integrations

Auth

Design

Launch Your App

About Launching Apps

Pricing and Billing

About Monetizing Your App

About Pricing Plans and Business Models

The App Purchase Lifecycle in Wix

Pricing Page Best Practices

Set Up a Freemium Business Model

Set Up a Premium Business Model

Set Up a Usage-Based Business Model

Set Up a Pay As You Go Business Model

Set Up One-Time Payments

Set Up a Wix Pricing Page

Set Up an External Pricing Page

Set Up and Manage Free Trials

Identify and Manage App Users

Change App Pricing

Report Revenue for Partner Billed Apps

Payouts Dashboard

Set Up Your Payout Account

Payments and Billing FAQs

Market Listing

Localization

Legal and Security

App Distribution

App Promotion

Manage Your App

User Support

Versioning

Data and Analytics

Contact Us

In This Article Set up your payout account
Grant a teammate access to payouts
See also

Set Up Your Payout Account

Before you can publish a paid app, you must become a Wix partner and then set up a Tipalti account to receive payouts. This is a one-time setup at the account level, not the app level.

If your app's business model isn't free, a blocker appears during the app review process requiring you to complete this setup. Until payout account setup is complete, you can't publish the app.

Note: If you don't see the blocker, there's a chance you already have a payout account set up.

Important:
You need the Manage Earnings permission to complete this flow. Account owners have this access by default. To give a teammate access, see Grant a teammate access to payouts .

Set up your payout account

To set up your payout account:

In your account dashboard, navigate to Earnings > Payouts .

Click Join the Partner Program . The Wix Partners onboarding flow guides you through registering your company as a Wix partner.

Set up your Tipalti account to configure how you receive payouts.

Return to your app and continue the publish flow.

Grant a teammate access to payouts

If you want a teammate to set up, view, or manage payouts, create a custom role with the Manage Earnings permission and assign it to them.

Step 1 | Create a custom role

Go to Team Management and create a custom role .

Enter a Role Title and optional Description .

Expand Studio Workspace , then select Manage Earnings .

This permission allows teammates to set up a payout account, view payouts from templates, apps, and revenue share, and manage payout settings.

Click Save .

Step 2 | Invite the teammate and assign the role

Go to Team Management > Invite Teammates .

Enter the teammate's email address.

Under Site access , select All sites and folders .

If you grant access to specific sites only, Earnings won't appear for the teammate.

Under Select roles , select the custom role you created.

Click Send Invite .

The teammate receives an email invitation. Once they accept, they can set up and manage payouts in Earnings > Payouts .

See also

Payments and Billing FAQs

About the Payouts Dashboard

Submit your app for review

Last updated: 9 September 2026
Did this help?
Yes No
