avris/kokoro-hebrew-saspeech · Hugging Face

Hugging Face

Models
Datasets
Spaces
Buckets new
Docs
Enterprise
Pricing
Website
Tasks
HuggingChat
Collections
Languages
Organizations

Community
Blog
Posts
Daily Papers
Hardware
Learn
Discord
Forum
GitHub

Solutions
Team & Enterprise
Hugging Face PRO
Enterprise Support
Inference Providers
Inference Endpoints
Storage Buckets

Log In
Sign Up

avris /

kokoro-hebrew-saspeech
Like 4

Text-to-Speech
MLX
Hebrew
mlx-audio
kokoro
hebrew
tts
non-commercial
License: saspeech-noncommercial

Model card Files Files and versions xet
Community

Deploy

Copy to bucket new
Use this model Instructions to use avris/kokoro-hebrew-saspeech with libraries, inference providers, notebooks, and local apps. Follow these links to get started.
Libraries
MLX How to use avris/kokoro-hebrew-saspeech with MLX:
# Download the model from the Hub
pip install huggingface_hub[hf_xet]

huggingface-cli download --local-dir kokoro-hebrew-saspeech avris/kokoro-hebrew-saspeech

Notebooks
Google Colab
Kaggle
Local Apps Settings
LM Studio
Atomic Chat

You need to agree to share your contact information to access this model
This repository is publicly accessible, but you have to accept the conditions to access its files and content .
This model derives from the SASPEECH dataset (© Israeli Public Broadcasting Corporation). It is licensed for NON-COMMERCIAL use only. By accessing it you accept the SASPEECH terms reproduced in the model card below.

Log in or Sign Up to review the conditions and access this model content.

Kokoro-Hebrew (SASPEECH) — mlx Model & training Files

⚠️ License — NON-COMMERCIAL (SASPEECH / IPBC) Intended use
Out of scope

Disclaimer

Citation (dataset)

Kokoro-Hebrew (SASPEECH) — mlx

A Kokoro-82M text-to-speech model
fine-tuned for Hebrew on the SASPEECH dataset (speaker: Shaul
Amsterdamski), provided in mlx format for Apple-Silicon inference via
mlx-audio .

Hebrew grapheme→phoneme uses phonikud
(vocalized Hebrew → IPA, normalized to Kokoro's 178-token vocab). The G2P must be
applied identically at training and inference time.

Model & training

This release is fine-tuned from Kokoro-82M with a two-stage recipe (StyleTTS2
trainer / kikiri) on both SASPEECH subsets, to trade breadth for polish:

Stage 1 — breadth (~20 h): the SASPEECH automatic subset
( OpenSLR SLR134 , ~26 h machine-transcribed with
Whisper and machine-vocalized with Nakdimon; ~20 h after filtering). This gives
the model wide phonetic and prosodic coverage, but noisier labels.

Stage 2 — polish (~4 h): the clean, human-vocalized gold subset, which
sharpens pronunciation and prosody on top of the stage-1 foundation.

Diacritics for the automatic subset were restored where missing with phonikud's
neural diacritizer; the exact same phonikud G2P is used at train and inference.

Each checkpoint was tracked on held-out sentences for intelligibility
(Whisper round-trip WER) and speaker similarity (ECAPA-TDNN cosine to real
Shaul references); this release was selected by listening , favouring natural
prosody. It corresponds to the stage-2 epoch-3 checkpoint.

Files

kokoro-v1_0.safetensors — the model (bf16, mlx-audio layout)

voices/he_shaul.safetensors — the Shaul voicepack

config.json , vocab.json , kokoro_symbols.py , hebrew_g2p.py — inference support

⚠️ License — NON-COMMERCIAL (SASPEECH / IPBC)

This model is a derivative of the SASPEECH dataset , whose recordings and
transcriptions are © the Israeli Public Broadcasting Corporation (IPBC) and
released for non-commercial use only ( OpenSLR SLR134 ).
These terms govern this model. By using it you accept that you:

may use it for non-commercial purposes only — not for commercial or broadcast needs;

will not imply that the IPBC endorses you or your use;

will not use it in a way that harms or defames Shaul Amsterdamski or the IPBC, including defamation;

will not use it for political needs;

will not use it in a manner that breaches any applicable law.

A code/wrapper license (e.g. MIT) does not relax these terms — the voice
itself is bound by the SASPEECH terms above , regardless of how it is packaged.

Intended use

Personal, research, and other non-commercial Hebrew TTS.

Out of scope

Commercial products or broadcast; political use; anything intended to harm,
defame, or impersonate Shaul Amsterdamski or the IPBC; anything unlawful. For
commercial use, source/train a model on a commercially-licensed dataset instead.

Disclaimer

Provided "AS IS" . Neither the IPBC nor the uploader makes any warranty or is
liable for any loss, injury, or damage arising from use, nor for changes made to
the model by you or any third party.

Citation (dataset)

Please cite the SASPEECH dataset — see OpenSLR SLR134
(Sharon et al., SASPEECH: A Hebrew Single Speaker Dataset , INTERSPEECH 2023).

Downloads last month
13

MLX
Hardware compatibility
Log In to add your hardware

Quantized
MLX
164 MB

Inference Providers NEW

Text-to-Speech

This model isn't deployed by any Inference Provider. 🙋 Ask for provider support

System theme

Company
TOS Privacy About Careers Website
Models Datasets Spaces Pricing Docs
