Age-Appropriate Media for Kids and Teens - How YouTube Works

Jump to content

How YouTube Works

AI

Copyright

Creator Economy

Elections

Kids & Teens

Learning

News

Privacy

Recommendations

Our Policies

Impact Reports

Transparency Reports

Kids & Teens

At YouTube we understand that kids want to explore, teens want
to find independence, and parents want to protect. That’s why
we’ve been building products for more than a decade that work
for every member of the family.

jump to a section

Our Track Record

Youth Principles

Age-appropriate experiences

Age estimation

Youth Policies

Wellbeing & mental health

Family resources

Youth Products in Action

jump to a section
Kids & Teens

Our Track Record

Youth Principles

Age-appropriate experiences

Age estimation

Youth Policies

Wellbeing & mental health

Family resources

Youth Products in Action

Our Track Record

We’ve been building for families since 2015, and we continue
to deliver & innovate our products, tools, and services
to meet the unique developmental needs of kids & teens.
Click here
to learn more about our track-record.

How YouTube's Youth Principles Work

Everything we do is guided by five youth principles, which
are core to YouTube's work on creating a safer and more
enriching environment for young people.

Learn more

The Right Experience for Every Age

Parents trust YouTube to provide appropriate experiences for
their families, and we take that responsibility seriously with
a focus on content, controls and providing the right
experience for every age.

We're introducing an
updated sign up experience
that lets parents create a new supervised kid account and
easily switch between accounts in the mobile app depending on
who’s watching with just a few taps.

Children

Pre-teens

Teens

YouTube Kids
is an app built from the ground up to be a simpler
experience for kids 12 and under to explore, with
tools for parents and caregivers to guide their
journey.

It includes four viewing experiences that allow
parents to decide what content to make available to
their kids. For complete control, parents can approve
content themselves — or they can choose from
categories which feature content that’s appropriate
for specific age ranges.

In addition to content settings, parents and
caregivers can also:

Block their kids from searching

Pause or clear their kids’ search history

Set screen time limits

Block a video, or an entire channel, with just a
couple of clicks

Our supervised experience for
pre-teens
(children under 13 or the
relevant age
in their country/region) is designed for parents who
decide their child is ready to explore a broader array
of content on the main YouTube app, but still want to
supervise their experience.

It offers three content settings that account for
different parenting styles and individual differences
in child development, with each option offering
greater access to YouTube’s world of content. It also
offers:

Additional parental controls (e.g. disabling
autoplay and reviewing, pausing, and clearing
watch history)

Disabling certain features normally available on
the main YouTube app (e.g. uploads, writing
comments, livechat, livestream, etc.)

Our voluntary supervised experience for
teens
(ages 13-17 in
most countries and regions ) allows parents and teens to voluntarily link
accounts to help give parents insights about videos
their teens create and comments they leave, spark
conversations between parents and teens, and provide
timely learning opportunities about how to safely
create on YouTube.

We also have added safeguards to ensure mature aged
content isn’t seen by younger users. So while
sometimes content on YouTube doesn't violate our
Community Guidelines, it may not be appropriate for
viewers under 18. In these cases, we place
age-restrictions on the video
or
prevent search results from appearing . This applies to videos, video descriptions, custom
thumbnails, live streams, and any other YouTube
product or feature.

How YouTube Treats Teens as Teens, and Adults as Adults

At YouTube, ensuring age-appropriate experiences for teens
begins with users providing their age during account
creation. This information allows us to personalize YouTube
settings, defaults, and access to content and features, and
helps support a safer experience for younger users.

For all U.S. accounts, YouTube employs a dual approach by
using self-declared age as well as the application of an age
estimation model that uses machine learning to determine
whether a user is over or under 18. Regardless of the
birthday in the account, this technology enables us to
deliver age-appropriate product experiences and protections,
treating teens as teens and adults as adults.

How it works: We use AI to interpret a variety of existing
signals that help us to determine whether a user is over or
under 18. These signals include the types of videos a user
is searching for, the categories of videos they have
watched, or the longevity of the account.

When we identify a teen user, we’ll automatically apply our
safeguards, including:

Disabling personalized advertising and restricting
age-sensitive ad categories

Turning on digital wellbeing tools

Adding safeguards to recommendations, including limiting
repetitive views of some kinds of content.

Users have the option to verify that they are 18 or over by
using a credit card or a government ID. We only allow users
who have been inferred or verified as over 18 to view
age-restricted content that may be inappropriate for younger
users.

Learn more

How YouTube’s Policies Work for Younger Users

We have some of the strongest safeguards when it comes to
protecting our youngest users from harmful content. These
are covered by policies found
here .

Content that targets young minors and families but contains
sexual themes, violence, obscene, or other mature themes not
suitable for young audiences, is not allowed on YouTube.

Developed alongside child development experts, YouTube’s
kids quality principles
and
teen quality principles
outline the type of content that is deemed to be low and
high quality for young audiences. These principles are based
on extensive research and inform our recommendation system,
allowing us to raise high quality videos. We also have a
guide
to educate our global creator community on their role in
supporting teens on YouTube.

We regularly update our family product experiences and
policies in consultation with experts in children’s media,
child development, digital learning, & citizenship from
a range of academic, non-profit and clinical backgrounds.
This
Youth and Families Advisory Committee
is a collection of independent experts that weigh in on
products, policies and services we offer to young people and
families.

How YouTube is Prioritizing Tween and Teen Wellbeing & Mental
Health

In today’s digital-first age, teens face unique challenges
when it comes to nurturing and preserving their wellbeing and
mental health. We know teens are digital natives, with the
internet as a part of their everyday lives - we want to help
support them through the new experiences and pressures that
come with navigating the online world.

Our
Youth and Families Advisory Committee
consistently helps us to understand the unique and complex
developmental needs of teens to ensure we’re providing the
right products & tools to help them navigate and enjoy the
broad range of content available to them — while putting their
wellbeing first.

Mindful Viewing

Default settings

Safeguard sequencing

Crisis resources

"Take a Break" and "Bedtime"
reminders appear as full-screen takeovers and are
turned on by default for teens. Parents can
customize
these reminders for supervised kid and teen accounts.
Since these default reminders launched, they have
served as industry-leading digital wellbeing tools
that have helped users better understand and manage
their screen time.

Parents can set daily time limits scrolling the Shorts
feed, including setting it to
zero minutes
to turn the feed off entirely.

Teens’ uploads are set to the most private available
setting by default to help them make informed
decisions about their online footprint and digital
privacy.

Working with our
Youth and Families Advisory Committee , we developed safeguards on video sequencing for
teens by identifying categories of video that are okay
in a single or few views, but could become problematic
for some if viewed in repetition. We then developed
ways to disperse viewership of those videos for teens
globally to prevent repetitive viewing. This includes
topics ranging from body comparison to unrealistic
financial advice or social aggression.

Crisis resource panels appear when viewers search for
certain terms related to suicide, self-harm, or eating
disorders. This full page experience enables viewers
to prominently see resources for third-party crisis
hotlines.

How YouTube is Helping Kids & Teens Better Navigate
Information Online

With the media landscape ever evolving, we aim to educate
and empower viewers by offering educational parent guides so
users & parents can think critically about content and
make their own informed decisions on what they watch and
interact with.

In addition to regularly updating our family product
experiences and policies in consultation with our
Youth and Families Advisory Committee , we’ve developed a
family guide
in partnership with National PTA and Parent Zone to cover
media literacy tips and tools for parents to share with
kids, and we continue to experiment in our products to
provide transparency and context on the content being viewed
including new AI labels and crowd-sourced context.

Youth Products in Action

We are committed to growing alongside the families who choose to
watch YouTube, ensuring that YouTube remains a safer and
inspiring space for the next generation to explore.

Age-Appropriate Experiences

YouTube provides the right experiences for the right age
through age appropriate experiences and the
prioritization of high quality content.

Built-In Protections

YouTube applies simple defaults for all users under 18
to ensure a safer viewing experience for kids and teens.

Parental Controls

We’ve been building for families since 2015, empowering
parents and caregivers to apply additional controls to
customize the right experience for their child’s age and
stage in life.

Explore more

YouTube and industry leaders announce the Youth Digital
Wellbeing Initiative

Safer Internet Day: Empowering teens and parents with tools to
support wellbeing

A collaborative approach to teen supervision on YouTube

$20 million to support teens' digital wellbeing worldwide
