YouTube channel monetization policies - YouTube Help
Skip to main content

YouTube Help

Sign in

Google Help

Help Center
Fix a problem
Watch videos
Manage your account & settings
Supervised experiences on YouTube
YouTube Premium
Create & grow your channel
Monetize your content
Policy, safety, & copyright

Community
YouTube

Privacy Policy
YouTube Terms of Service
Submit feedback

Send feedback on...

This help content & information

General Help Center experience

Close Next

Help Center
Community
Creator Tips

YouTube

Fix a problem Troubleshoot problems playing videos Troubleshoot account issues Fix upload problems Get help with the YouTube Partner Program Learn about recent updates on YouTube Get help with YouTube

Watch videos Find videos to watch Change video settings Watch videos on different devices Comment, subscribe, & connect with creators Save or share videos & playlists Troubleshoot problems playing videos Purchase & manage movies, TV shows & products on YouTube

Manage your account & settings Sign up and manage your account Manage account settings Manage privacy settings Manage ad settings Manage accessibility settings Troubleshoot account issues YouTube updates

Supervised experiences on YouTube Supervised accounts for kids Supervised accounts for teens

YouTube Premium Join YouTube Premium YouTube Premium benefits Manage your Premium membership Manage Premium billing & payments Fix YouTube Premium issues

Create & grow your channel Upload videos Edit videos & video settings Create Shorts Edit videos with YouTube Create Customize & manage your channel Analyze performance with analytics Translate videos, subtitles, & captions Manage your posts & comments Live stream on YouTube YouTube Creator Community Become a podcast creator on YouTube Creator and Studio App updates

Monetize your content YouTube Partner Program Make money on YouTube Get paid Understand ads and related policies Get help with the YouTube Partner Program YouTube for Content Managers

Policy, safety, & copyright YouTube policies Reporting and enforcement Privacy and safety center Copyright and rights management

Notification
To receive the latest updates on our Advertiser-friendly content guidelines, please check out our Advertiser-friendly content guidelines posts in the YouTube Help Center.

YouTube channel monetization policies

July 15, 2025: We’re making a minor update to our “repetitious content” policy to better clarify this includes content that is repetitive or mass-produced. We are also renaming this policy from “repetitious content” to “inauthentic content.” This type of content has always been ineligible for monetization under our existing policies, where creators are rewarded for original and authentic content. There is no change to our reused content policy which reviews content like commentary, clips, compilations, and reaction videos.

March 10, 2025: We’re making improvements to our ad suitability review process. As a result, videos undergoing checks (including private videos) may receive an additional review that may be completed by a human. In some cases, video monetization decisions may take up to 24 hours. This update is designed to improve the accuracy of monetization decisions and increase your channel’s overall monetization potential. Learn more .

March 3, 2022: Due to the ongoing war in Ukraine, we will be temporarily pausing Google and YouTube ads from serving to users located in Russia. Also, we are pausing access to all monetization features (such as Channel Memberships, Super Chat, Super Stickers, and Merch) for viewers in Russia. Learn more .

If you’re monetizing on YouTube, it’s important that your channel follows YouTube monetization policies. These include policies described below, as well as YouTube’s Community Guidelines , Terms of Service , Copyright , Rights Clearance Adjustment policies , and our program policies .

These policies apply to anyone in, or looking to apply to, the YouTube Partner Program. The YouTube Shorts monetization policies also apply if you’re monetizing Shorts on YouTube.

All content monetizing with ads must follow our advertiser-friendly content guidelines . To earn revenue from fan funding features, first time users must accept the Commerce Product Module (CPM) before turning on the individual features. You must also follow the Commerce Products monetization policies when monetizing with fan funding features.

Here’s a quick overview of each major policy. Make sure you read each policy thoroughly, as these policies are used to check if a channel is suitable to monetize. Our reviewers regularly check to see whether monetizing channels follow these policies. Learn more about how we enforce our policies .

Keep in mind that when we use the term video on this page, it refers to Shorts, long-form videos, and live streaming. These policies apply wherever videos are viewed including the Watch Page (pages within YouTube, YouTube Music, or YouTube Kids), the YouTube Video Player (player that embeds YouTube content on other sites), and the YouTube Shorts Player (player that makes Shorts available).

What we check when we review your channel

If you’re making money on YouTube , your content should be original and "authentic." This means that we expect your content to:

Be your original creation. If you borrow content from someone else, you need to change it significantly to make it your own.

Not be mass-produced, generic, repetitive, or manipulative. It should be made for the enjoyment or education of viewers, rather than for the sole purpose of getting views.

Our reviewers will check your channel and content against our policies. Since they can’t check every video, our reviewers may focus on your channel’s:

Main theme

Most viewed videos

Newest videos

Biggest proportion of watch time

Video metadata (including titles, thumbnails, and descriptions)

Channel’s “About” section

The above are just examples of content our reviewers may assess. Note that our reviewers can, and may check other parts of your channel to see whether it fully meets our policies.

Follow the YouTube Community Guidelines

These guidelines help keep YouTube a great community for viewers, creators, and advertisers. Anyone on YouTube needs to follow our Community Guidelines, and any content you post must follow all our Community Guidelines .

Monetizing creators should know that these guidelines apply not only to individual videos, but also to your channel overall. Content that violates YouTube’s Community Guidelines is not eligible for monetization and will be removed from YouTube.

Follow our program policies

AdSense for YouTube allows YouTube partners to get paid for monetizing their videos. Make sure to follow our program policies and YouTube’s Terms of Service .

Generic or Repetitive Content

Generic or repetitive content includes content that looks like it’s made with a template, or that may feel repetitive to viewers after watching several videos in a row from the same channel.

Monetizing through the YouTube Partner Program requires that your channel be in compliance with all YouTube policies. If your channel is found to be violative of any other policies, you will not be able to access monetization through the YouTube Partner Program.

What is allowed to monetize

This policy makes sure monetized content offers viewers something appealing and interesting to watch. We know many channels create content that follows a similar pattern. What’s important is that the substance of each video should be materially varied and deliver creative, educational, or other value.

Examples of what is allowed to monetize (including but not limited to):

Same intro and outro for your videos, but the bulk of your content is different

Similar content, like a series following a set of characters across episodes or a channel that does product reviews, but in which each video has a distinct storyline, focus, or concept

Content that violates this guideline

When a channel’s content consists of highly repetitive content, it can disappoint viewers who come to YouTube for appealing and interesting videos. That means channels where content feels interchangeable from video to video are not allowed to monetize. In other words, your channel shouldn’t have content that appears to be produced using a template or where each video doesn’t deliver creative, educational, or other value to the viewer.

Examples of what’s not allowed to monetize (this list is not exhaustive):

Similar or repetitive content with low educational value, commentary, narratives, or minimal variation across videos

Videos where characters are put in the same situation over and over again with the same outcome (i.e., using a highly similar storyline template across multiple videos)

Image slideshows, templated storylines, or scrolling text with minimal or no narrative, commentary, or educational value

AI-generated content made with generic or unoriginal templates giving the impression of mass production without adding the creator’s original, authentic insights or perspective

Reused content

Reused content refers to channels that repurpose content that’s already on YouTube or another online source without adding significant original commentary, substantive modifications, or educational or entertainment value. Reused content may also be known as duplicative or scraped content (taking unique or original content from other websites and publishing it as your own).

To figure out whether your content is reused, our reviewers will check your channel to understand how you created, participated in, or produced your content. Our reviewers may check your channel’s:

Videos

Channel description

Video title

Video descriptions

Our reused content policy applies to your channel as a whole. If you have videos that violate our guidelines, or if we cannot clearly tell that you made the content, monetization may be removed from your entire channel.

What is allowed to monetize

We want to reward creators for original and "authentic" content that adds value to viewers. If you put a funny or thoughtful spin on content you didn’t originally create (in line with our guidelines below), you’ve transformed the content in some way. It’s fine to have this type of content on your channel, but individual videos may be subject to other policies like copyright . In other words, we allow reused content if viewers can tell that there’s a meaningful difference between the original video and your video.

Note: While these examples do not violate the reused content monetization policy, other policies, such as copyright , still apply.

Examples of what’s allowed to monetize (including but not limited to):

Using clips for a critical review

A scene from a movie where you’ve rewritten the dialog and changed the voiceover

Replays of a sports tournament where you explain the moves a competitor did to succeed

Reaction videos where you comment on the original video

Edited footage from other creators where you add a storyline and commentary

Edits to remixed content on Shorts like adding original content to a song from our library, or adding the original audio or video segment from other videos to your content

Content that primarily features the uploading creator in the video

Reused content from other online sources where the creator is either visible in the content or explains how the creator added to the content

Edited footage with audio and visual effects on top of the video’s reused content that demonstrates substantive editing and shows it’s unique to your channel

Content that violates this guideline

Taking someone else’s content, making minimal changes, and calling it your own original work would be a violation of this guideline. If we cannot tell that the content is yours, it may be subject to our reused content policy. This policy applies even if you have permission from the original creator. Reused content is separate from YouTube’s Copyright enforcement, which means it’s not based on copyright, permission, or fair use. This guideline means sometimes, you may not get claims against your content, but your channel may still violate our reused content guidelines.

More examples of what’s not allowed to monetize (this list is not exhaustive):

Clips of moments from your favorite show edited together with little or no narrative

Short videos you compiled from other social media websites

Collections of songs from different artists (even if you have their permission)

Content uploaded many times by other creators

Promotion of other people’s content (even if you have permission)

Content downloaded or copied from another online source without any substantive modifications

Content that gets views from mostly non-verbal reactions to your videos without added voice commentary

Content that exclusively features readings of other materials you did not originally create, like text from websites or news feeds

Songs modified to change the pitch or speed, but are otherwise identical to the original song

Unsatisfying or Off-putting Content

Unsatisfying or off-putting content refers to content that relies heavily on emotionally manipulative formulas, mimics existing formats or stories to a degree that the videos feel interchangeable, or appears designed to shock or surprise viewers for the sole purpose of getting views. This content may feel unsatisfying or off-putting to viewers who come to YouTube looking for content with unique, original substance.

Monetizing through the YouTube Partner Program requires that your channel be in compliance with all YouTube policies. If your channel is found to be violative of any other policies, you will not be able to access monetization through the YouTube Partner Program.

What is allowed to monetize

What's important is that the substance of the video feels original and provides a satisfying experience for the viewer. If you use automated tools or templates to help create your content, the final product must still demonstrate your creative vision and provide educational or entertainment value.

Examples of what is allowed to monetize (including but not limited to):

Content with a cohesive storyline that doesn’t rely solely on shock value to generate views

Content that showcases your authentic perspective when building on a popular video format or theme, like a Short that puts your own personalized spin on a trend

Content that expresses your unique creative voice, like using AI to visualize a unique character and narrative you invented

Content that utilizes creative tools to assist in delivering a unique, well-researched, or creative narrative, like using AI to edit your video scripts or generate a unique background visual for your content

Content that violates this guideline

Our policies are designed to reward channels that offer original, satisfying content. Channels that do not meet that bar will not be eligible for the YouTube Partner Program.

Examples of what’s not allowed to monetize (this list is not exhaustive):

Content that repeatedly uses disturbing themes (such as violence or loss) without building a cohesive narrative

Channels that heavily rely on generic templates or emotionally manipulative themes, like a series showing repetitive scenarios of animals in exaggerated distress or peril

Content that lacks a clear narrative arc or logical progression, such as videos that stitch together unrelated or inconsistent AI clips to surprise or shock viewers

Content that uses deceptive or misleading imagery or narratives, such as realistic visuals tricking viewers into believing a fake celebrity death or natural disaster has occurred

AI Personas Related to Sensitive Topics

This policy refers to channels that use AI-generated personas to deliver information on sensitive topics. This includes any content that presents itself as a human expert providing advice to viewers on topics such as health, legal issues, finances, or politics. To protect viewers who may be confused or otherwise negatively impacted by this content, channels uploading this content will not be allowed to monetize.

Examples of what’s not allowed to monetize (this list is not exhaustive):

An AI “doctor” providing medical diagnoses, health advice, or wellness remedies

AI-generated podcast hosts offering financial guidance, investment tips, or wealth management advice

AI personas giving legal advice or interpreting laws

Quality principles for kids and family content

Our aim is to provide kids and families with a safe and enriching experience on YouTube, while finding new ways to reward creators contributing high-quality content to the platform.

If your channel has "made for kids” content , we’ll use YouTube’s quality principles for kids and family content to determine the monetization status of that content.

If a channel is found to have a strong focus on low-quality “made for kids” content, it may be suspended from the YouTube Partner Program. If an individual video is found to violate these quality principles, it may see limited ad earnings or no ad earnings .

When checking to see if your “made for kids” content is of low or high quality, nuances and context are important. Visit our best practices for kids and family content page for guides and examples.

Application of quality principles for monetization eligibility

There are several low-quality principles that may affect the overall quality of a particular video. We will consider each principle as a factor for monetization eligibility on a rolling basis. We currently enforce against the low-quality principles for kids and family content listed below. We may increase the scope to include more quality principles over time.

Heavily promotional: Content that mainly features products, brands and logos (such as toys or food), or encourages excessive buying like unboxing videos.

Encouraging negative behaviors or attitudes: Content that encourages dangerous activities, wastefulness, bullying, dishonesty, or a lack of respect for others. For example, this content could include dangerous/unsafe pranks, unhealthy eating habits.

Deceptively educational: This refers to content that uses titles or thumbnails to trick kids into thinking it's educational, when it's really not. It might promise to teach something, like colors or numbers, but show incorrect or unhelpful information.

Hard to follow: Videos that are confusing or make no sense, often due to jumbled storylines, unclear audio, or lack of clear storyline (beginning, middle & end). This type of video is often the result of mass production or autogeneration.

Sensational or misleading: Content that is untrue, exaggerated, or bizarre and may confuse a young audience. It might also include “keyword stuffing”, or the practice of using popular keywords of interest to children in a repetitive, altered, or exaggerated way. The keywords may also be used in a way that does not make sense.

Strange use of children’s characters: This content takes characters kids know and love (animated or live action) and puts them in inappropriate or potentially risky situations.

Creator responsibility

The success of your channel and the YouTube Partner Program is dependent upon the willingness of advertisers to associate their brands with YouTube content. The earnings of all YouTube creators are negatively impacted when advertisers lose trust.

We don’t allow egregious behavior that has a large negative impact on the community. This policy means you should be respectful of your viewers, your fellow creators, and our advertisers -- both on and off YouTube.

If you violate this policy, we may temporarily turn off your monetization or terminate your accounts. This may apply to all of your existing channels, any new channels you create, and channels that you appear on regularly.

If any of your channels have been demonetized or terminated, you should not create new (or use existing) channels to get around these restrictions, or apply to YPP with related channels during your suspension period. Doing so could lead to termination of all channels.

Learn more about Creator responsibility .

Creator integrity

We expect creators in the YouTube Partner Program to be who they say they are and not misrepresent themselves by manipulating their on-platform activity or engaging in deceptive practices.

This means creators should not artificially inflate a channel’s engagement, such as views, subs, likes, watch time, and ad impressions. Similarly, creators should not encourage organic engagement on non-compliant content before deleting or obfuscating that content. Engaging in this type of behavior may result in removal from the YouTube Partner Program or termination of your channels. See our program policies for more info

Creators should also not mislead users or YouTube by participating in financially abusive behaviors, such as using our monetization features for illegal, fraudulent, or deceptive transactions. If you violate this policy, we may remove you from the YouTube Partner Program or terminate your channels.

How we'll inform you of policy changes

YouTube is constantly changing and improving the Service, and adapting to the world around us. We may need to make changes to the terms and conditions or policies that apply to your use of the Service - including the Terms of Service, and the YouTube Partner Program Terms, our policies, and other contractual documents - to reflect changes to our Service or for legal, regulatory, or security reasons.

We’ll let you know in writing when we make changes that might impact you. If you do not agree to the modified terms, you may stop using the relevant feature, or terminate your agreement with us.

To help you stay up to date with our policies, we also maintain a permanent log of updates. View our changelog here .

How we enforce YouTube monetization policies

Anyone who earns money on YouTube must follow YouTube's channel monetization policies. If you violate any of our policies, YouTube may take the actions outlined below.

Limited Availability

Monetization features may not be available in all locations. In addition, due to the suspension of Google advertising systems in Russia, creators cannot monetize any YouTube channels linked to AdSense for YouTube accounts based in Russia. Creators in Russia cannot complete new YPP sign-ups at this time. Monetization features (such as Channel Memberships, Super Chat, Super Stickers, and Merch) have also been paused for viewers in Russia. Monetization has also been paused for all Russian Federation state-funded media channels.

Withhold, adjust, charge back, or offset earnings or payment

We may withhold or adjust any of your earnings associated with violations of the YouTube channel monetization policies. We may also charge back associated earnings against any AdSense for YouTube balance that has not yet been disbursed or offset such amounts against future earnings payable to you.

For any such violations, we need some time to investigate whether the earnings need to be withheld, adjusted, or offset. This may result in payment delays of up to 90 days or until we’ve resolved any third-party rights disputes.

Examples of violations where we might need to withhold or adjust your earnings include (but aren’t limited to) instances of:

Invalid traffic on your content

Fake engagement

Content ID claims

If your channel is terminated or suspended from the YouTube Partner Program, you are no longer entitled to earn any revenue. YouTube may also withhold earnings and refund advertisers or viewers for purchases where appropriate and possible.

We’ll inform you in writing by email or in product when we have to enforce our policies. We will also let you know what options are available to you.

Limit ad earnings from your videos

As a member of the YouTube Partner Program, you can make your videos eligible to earn ad revenue if they meet our advertiser-friendly content guidelines . However, if your videos are found to not meet our advertiser-friendly guidelines, or if they violate other policies, such as our age restriction or copyright guidelines , your videos may have limited ad earnings or no ad earnings.

For more information about reasons why content may not be eligible for monetization, see: Understand your Content tab & manage notices on your video content .

Suspend your participation in the YouTube Partner Program

Violation of our YouTube channel monetization policies may result in monetization being suspended or permanently disabled on all or any of your accounts. If it’s determined that your channel is no longer eligible for monetization, your channel may lose access to all monetization tools, features, and Modules associated with the YouTube Partner Program. You may also choose to opt out of specific monetization Modules at any time by contacting Creator Support.

Data retention

If your monetization agreement with YouTube is terminated, you still can request your YouTube Analytics data from the time you were in the program by contacting Creator Support.

For more information about suspensions, including troubleshooting tips and details about how to reapply to join the program, see: Monetization is disabled for my channel

Suspend or even terminate your YouTube channel

In exceptional circumstances we may need to terminate a channel, account, or disable a user’s access to the Service in order to protect the integrity of the platform or protect our users from harm. Learn more about channel terminations and disabled Google Accounts , including what you can do if you believe your channel or account was terminated by mistake.

How we'll inform you of actions that affect your monetization

We’ll inform you in writing by email or in product when we have to enforce our policies. We will also let you know what options are available to you.

How to get help with issues that affect you

If you're in the YouTube Partner Program , you can get access to our Creator Support team.

Whether you're facing a specific problem or you want to find out how to get the most out of YouTube as a creator, we're here to help you:

Optimize how you use YouTube

Understand how to get the best out of our Analytics tools

Get tips on technical or service aspects of YouTube

Find out how to navigate policy and copyright guidelines

Get answers on account and channel management questions

Resolve content ID and rights management issues

Troubleshoot and fix bugs or issues with your account

You can find more detailed instructions to contact Creator Support and how to get help as a YouTube Creator .

Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes No

Submit

Need more help?
Try these next steps:

Post to the help community Get answers from community members

true
YouTube Partner Program
1 of 5
YouTube Partner Program overview & eligibility
2 of 5
YouTube channel monetization policies
3 of 5
Advertiser-friendly content guidelines
4 of 5
YouTube's Community Guidelines
5 of 5
Learn more about how YouTube works for you

©2026 Google Privacy Policy
YouTube Terms of Service

Language
Afrikaans&lrm;
azərbaycan&lrm;
bosanski&lrm;
català&lrm;
dansk&lrm;
Deutsch&lrm;
eesti&lrm;
English (United Kingdom)&lrm;
español&lrm;
español (Latinoamérica)&lrm;
euskara&lrm;
Filipino&lrm;
français&lrm;
français (Canada)&lrm;
Gaeilge&lrm;
galego&lrm;
hrvatski&lrm;
Indonesia&lrm;
isiZulu&lrm;
italiano&lrm;
Kiswahili&lrm;
latviešu&lrm;
lietuvių&lrm;
magyar&lrm;
Malti&lrm;
Melayu&lrm;
Nederlands&lrm;
norsk&lrm;
o‘zbek&lrm;
polski&lrm;
português&lrm;
português (Brasil)&lrm;
română&lrm;
shqip&lrm;
slovenčina&lrm;
slovenščina&lrm;
suomi&lrm;
svenska&lrm;
Tiếng Việt&lrm;
Türkçe&lrm;
íslenska&lrm;
čeština&lrm;
Ελληνικά&lrm;
беларуская&lrm;
български&lrm;
кыргызча&lrm;
македонски&lrm;
монгол&lrm;
русский&lrm;
српски&lrm;
українська&lrm;
қазақ тілі&lrm;
հայերեն&lrm;
&rlm; עברית
&rlm; اردو
&rlm; العربية
&rlm; فارسی
नेपाली&lrm;
मराठी&lrm;
हिन्दी&lrm;
অসমীয়া&lrm;
বাংলা&lrm;
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ&lrm;
ગુજરાતી&lrm;
ଓଡ଼ିଆ&lrm;
தமிழ்&lrm;
తెలుగు&lrm;
ಕನ್ನಡ&lrm;
മലയാളം&lrm;
සිංහල&lrm;
ไทย&lrm;
ລາວ&lrm;
မြန်မာ&lrm;
ქართული&lrm;
አማርኛ&lrm;
ខ្មែរ&lrm;
中文（简体）&lrm;
中文（繁體）&lrm;
中文（香港）&lrm;
日本語&lrm;
한국어&lrm;
English&lrm;

Enable Dark Mode

Send feedback on...
This help content & information General Help Center experience

Search
Clear search
Close search
Google apps
Main menu

7193069103751976566
true

Search Help Center
false
true

true

true

true
true
59
false

false

false
false

false
